content/events/2024-denver/location.md, before:

+++
Title = "Location"
Type = "event"
Description = "Location for devopsdays Denver 2024"
+++

Watch this space for information about the venue including address, map/direction, parking/transit, and any hotel details.

<!-- Uncomment this only if you have set the coordinates for your location in the config yaml. Get Latitude and Longitude of a Point: http://itouchmap.com/latlong.html -->
<!-- {{< event_map >}} -->

<!-- Edit and uncomment to let people know what accessibility features you have available -->
<!-- 
    Example from Minneapolis 2020

    We offer wheelchair-designated spaces, chairs, and standing options (with tall tables) in the mainstage session room; a quiet room; bathrooms labeled according to the facilities they contain; professional live captioning of mainstage sessions; ingredient labeling (based on data provided when registering); and private space (upon request) for those nursing. We'd also be happy to accommodate any other accessibility needs upon request: {{< email_organizers >}}    
-->

Commit message:

[DEN-2024] Add CFP / Location (#13440)
* add 24 cfp, remove live stream from denver 23

* undo propose

* update welcome

* export propose, update location

* fix white space

content/events/2024-denver/location.md, after:

+++
Title = "Location"
Type = "event"
Description = "Location for devopsdays Denver 2024"
+++

<div style="text-align: right; float: right;"><img src="https://www.milehighstation.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/09/5b3bb00fca66ad6e370660f0_MHS-Brand-Awareness-Instagram-1.jpg" height="450px"/></div>

This year's event will be held at beautiful [Mile High Station](https://www.milehighstation.com/) and [Iron Works](https://ironworksdenver.co/), right next to Mile High Stadium.

## Directions
_**Address: 2027 W Colfax Ave, Denver, CO 80204**_

The parking lot is around the building and will only have 150 parking spots. Please try to car pool or take public transportation which is very accessible to Mile High Stadium and a very short walk from the train stop.

## Parking
We have access to park on location for 150 parking spots and overflow parking is at Mile High Stadium parking lots. We appreciate anyone able to car pool or take public transportation.

## Hours of Entry
Doors will open at 8am for breakfast every day of the event and the early-check-in is Sunday April 26th at 3pm-5pm.

* * *
