+++
date = "2016-03-06T21:15:25-06:00"
title = "welcome"
type = "event"
aliases = ["/events/2016-washington-dc"]


+++


## DevOpsDays DC 2016 - June 8 &amp; 9

<img src="/events/2016-washington-dc/logo.png" style="float:right"/>

### A house divided against itself cannot stand.

**_Change is in session!_**
DevOpsDays DC will be held **June 8 and 9, 2016** at the {{< event_link page="location"
text="US Patent and Trademark Office" >}} in Alexandria, Virginia.

## Registration and ticket sales

[Tickets are on sale now](https://devopsdaysdc2016.busyconf.com/bookings/new)
for both Government and private sector employees ($100 each).  Please [register
early](https://devopsdaysdc2016.busyconf.com/bookings/new).  Some ticket types
have already **sold out**.

## Schedule

The keynote and ignite sessions have been announced and are now [available on
the schedule](http://devopsdaysdc2016.busyconf.com/schedule).

## Hotel

Reserve your room at the [Westin
Alexandria](https://www.starwoodmeeting.com/events/start.action?id=1604145506&key=15F5399A)
in the DevOpsDays Room Block for $249 per night.

<a href="https://www.starwoodmeeting.com/events/start.action?id=1604145506&key=15F5399A"><img src="/events/2016-washington-dc/wes1718ex.109692_lg.jpg"></a>

## Sponsorship

DevOpsDays is a self-organizing conference for DevOps practitioners that depends
on your sponsorships to happen.  We have {{< event_link page="sponsor"
text="three different sponsorship levels available" >}}.

## Why Attend?

Whether you're in government, academia, or the private sector, _DevOpsDays is
for you._

Whether you're in operations, development, QA, security, or any other
department, _DevOpsDays is for you._

Whether you want to learn about DevOps, share your experiences, or just talk
shop with DevOps practitioners, _DevOpsDays is for you._

DevOpsDays are a mix of keynote sessions and [open
spaces](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Open_Space_Technology).

## About Washington, DC

If all you know of Washington, DC is what you see on C-SPAN or _House of Cards_,
you're missing out. While its importance as the Nation's Capital and center of
government is undisputed, the "DMV" (District, Maryland, and Virginia) is also
home to innovative startups, leading universities, and world-class arts and
culture.

If you're local, you already know the diversity of our DevOps community. If
you're coming in from elsewhere, prepare to mix with DevOps leaders from every
segment of our vibrant local scene. And, of course, take some time to check out
everything else the Nation's Capital has to offer, from the many free
Smithsonian museums to great food and drink!

For those coming from out of town, there are flights from just about everywhere
to our three local airports, and there are several hotels nearby. More details
are on the {{< event_link page="location" text="location page" >}}.
