README.md, before:

![Build Status](https://github.com/devopsdays/devopsdays-web/actions/workflows/hugo.yml/badge.svg)
[![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/devopsdays/devopsdays-theme.svg)](https://github.com/devopsdays/devopsdays-web/blob/main/LICENSE)

# devopsdays-web

This is the repo for managing [devopsdays.org](http://www.devopsdays.org).

[![Open in Gitpod](https://gitpod.io/button/open-in-gitpod.svg)](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/devopsdays/devopsdays-web)<br>
[![Open in GitHub Codespaces](https://github.com/codespaces/badge.svg)](https://codespaces.new/devopsdays/devopsdays-web)

## Managing your event content

If you are on a local devopsdays team and you'd like to edit [devopsdays.org](http://www.devopsdays.org) for your events, you're in the right place.

Guidelines for contributing event-specific content to this repository are outlined in [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md). If you intend to contribute (and we hope you do!), please take a moment to review that document so you can get set up correctly.

When you're ready to add content, instructions and utilities are available for [managing sponsors, events, speakers, and more](utilities/README.md).

### If you have to cancel your event

In the instance where you might need to cancel an event that is already listed on the website, follow [these instructions](utilities/docs/cancel-event.md) to properly update the site.

## Site-wide Hugo theme

You may find that you want to improve the site in some way that's not specific to your event. We use a custom Hugo theme, and reference documentation is available in [devopsdays-theme's reference.md](https://github.com/devopsdays/devopsdays-web/blob/main/themes/devopsdays-theme/reference.md).

The technical details for contributing to the site-wide theme's development are covered in [devopsdays-theme's CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/devopsdays/devopsdays-web/blob/main/themes/devopsdays-theme/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Reporting problems & feature requests

If you discover a problem with the site that isn't specific to an event's content, please [open an issue](https://github.com/devopsdays/devopsdays-web/issues/new) and prepend the title with `[BUG]`.

If there is a feature that you would like to see, please [open an issue](https://github.com/devopsdays/devopsdays-web/issues/new) and prepend the title with `[ENHANCEMENT]`.

If you would like to help prioritize enhancements, please upvote the original issue by [adding a reaction](https://github.com/blog/2119-add-reactions-to-pull-requests-issues-and-comments).

Commit message:

Add documentation on using GitHub Codespaces
Signed-off-by: Matty Stratton <matty.stratton@aiven.io>

README.md, after:

![Build Status](https://github.com/devopsdays/devopsdays-web/actions/workflows/hugo.yml/badge.svg)
[![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/devopsdays/devopsdays-theme.svg)](https://github.com/devopsdays/devopsdays-web/blob/main/LICENSE)

# devopsdays-web

This is the repo for managing [devopsdays.org](http://www.devopsdays.org).

[![Open in Gitpod](https://gitpod.io/button/open-in-gitpod.svg)](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/devopsdays/devopsdays-web)<br>
[![Open in GitHub Codespaces](https://github.com/codespaces/badge.svg)](https://codespaces.new/devopsdays/devopsdays-web)<br>
(See [Using Codespaces](utilities/docs/using-codespaces/README.md) for more information)

## Managing your event content

If you are on a local devopsdays team and you'd like to edit [devopsdays.org](http://www.devopsdays.org) for your events, you're in the right place.

Guidelines for contributing event-specific content to this repository are outlined in [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md). If you intend to contribute (and we hope you do!), please take a moment to review that document so you can get set up correctly.

When you're ready to add content, instructions and utilities are available for [managing sponsors, events, speakers, and more](utilities/README.md).

### If you have to cancel your event

In the instance where you might need to cancel an event that is already listed on the website, follow [these instructions](utilities/docs/cancel-event.md) to properly update the site.

## Site-wide Hugo theme

You may find that you want to improve the site in some way that's not specific to your event. We use a custom Hugo theme, and reference documentation is available in [devopsdays-theme's reference.md](https://github.com/devopsdays/devopsdays-web/blob/main/themes/devopsdays-theme/reference.md).

The technical details for contributing to the site-wide theme's development are covered in [devopsdays-theme's CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/devopsdays/devopsdays-web/blob/main/themes/devopsdays-theme/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Reporting problems & feature requests

If you discover a problem with the site that isn't specific to an event's content, please [open an issue](https://github.com/devopsdays/devopsdays-web/issues/new) and prepend the title with `[BUG]`.

If there is a feature that you would like to see, please [open an issue](https://github.com/devopsdays/devopsdays-web/issues/new) and prepend the title with `[ENHANCEMENT]`.

If you would like to help prioritize enhancements, please upvote the original issue by [adding a reaction](https://github.com/blog/2119-add-reactions-to-pull-requests-issues-and-comments).
