content/events/2017-stockholm/welcome.md, before:

+++
date = "2016-11-28T22:36:47+01:00"
title = "welcome"
type = "event"
aliases = ["/events/2017-stockholm"]

+++

{{< event_twitter >}}

**devopsdays is coming to {{<event_location>}}!**

<h3>{{< event_start >}} - {{< event_end >}}</h3>
<div style="text-align:center;">
  {{< event_logo >}}
</div>

<div class = "row">
  <div class = "col-md-2">
    <strong>Dates</strong>
  </div>
  <div class = "col-md-8">
    {{< event_start >}} - {{< event_end >}}
  </div>
</div>

 <div class = "row">
  <div class = "col-md-2">
    <strong>Location</strong>
  </div>
  <div class = "col-md-8">
    {{< event_location >}}
  </div>
</div>

<!-- <div class = "row">
  <div class = "col-md-2">
    <strong>Register</strong>
  </div>
  <div class = "col-md-8">
    {{< event_link page="registration" text="Register to attend the conference!" >}}
  </div>
</div> -->

<!-- <div class = "row">
  <div class = "col-md-2">
    <strong>Propose</strong>
  </div>
  <div class = "col-md-8">
    {{< event_link page="propose" text="Propose a talk!" >}}
  </div>
</div> -->

<!-- <div class = "row">
  <div class = "col-md-2">
    <strong>Program</strong>
  </div>
  <div class = "col-md-8">
    View the {{< event_link page="program" text="program." >}}
  </div>
</div> -->

<!-- <div class = "row">
  <div class = "col-md-2">
    <strong>Speakers</strong>
  </div>
  <div class = "col-md-8">
    Check out the {{< event_link page="speakers" text="speakers!" >}}
  </div>
</div> -->

<div class = "row">
  <div class = "col-md-2">
    <strong>Sponsors</strong>
  </div>
  <div class = "col-md-8">
    {{< event_link page="sponsor" text="Sponsor the conference!" >}}
  </div>
</div>

<div class = "row">
  <div class = "col-md-2">
    <strong>Contact</strong>
  </div>
  <div class = "col-md-8">
    {{< event_link page="contact" text="Get in touch with the organizers" >}}
  </div>
</div>

Commit message:

Putting description in the right place

content/events/2017-stockholm/welcome.md, after:

+++
date = "2016-11-28T22:36:47+01:00"
title = "welcome"
type = "event"
aliases = ["/events/2017-stockholm"]
description = "DevOpsDays is coming to sunny Stockholm!"

+++

{{< event_twitter >}}

**devopsdays is coming to {{<event_location>}}!**

<h3>{{< event_start >}} - {{< event_end >}}</h3>
<div style="text-align:center;">
  {{< event_logo >}}
</div>

<div class = "row">
  <div class = "col-md-2">
    <strong>Dates</strong>
  </div>
  <div class = "col-md-8">
    {{< event_start >}} - {{< event_end >}}
  </div>
</div>

 <div class = "row">
  <div class = "col-md-2">
    <strong>Location</strong>
  </div>
  <div class = "col-md-8">
    {{< event_location >}}
  </div>
</div>

<!-- <div class = "row">
  <div class = "col-md-2">
    <strong>Register</strong>
  </div>
  <div class = "col-md-8">
    {{< event_link page="registration" text="Register to attend the conference!" >}}
  </div>
</div> -->

<!-- <div class = "row">
  <div class = "col-md-2">
    <strong>Propose</strong>
  </div>
  <div class = "col-md-8">
    {{< event_link page="propose" text="Propose a talk!" >}}
  </div>
</div> -->

<!-- <div class = "row">
  <div class = "col-md-2">
    <strong>Program</strong>
  </div>
  <div class = "col-md-8">
    View the {{< event_link page="program" text="program." >}}
  </div>
</div> -->

<!-- <div class = "row">
  <div class = "col-md-2">
    <strong>Speakers</strong>
  </div>
  <div class = "col-md-8">
    Check out the {{< event_link page="speakers" text="speakers!" >}}
  </div>
</div> -->

<div class = "row">
  <div class = "col-md-2">
    <strong>Sponsors</strong>
  </div>
  <div class = "col-md-8">
    {{< event_link page="sponsor" text="Sponsor the conference!" >}}
  </div>
</div>

<div class = "row">
  <div class = "col-md-2">
    <strong>Contact</strong>
  </div>
  <div class = "col-md-8">
    {{< event_link page="contact" text="Get in touch with the organizers" >}}
  </div>
</div>
