content/events/2024-kansas-city/location.md, before:

+++
Title = "Location"
Type = "event"
Description = "Location for devopsdays Kansas City 2024"
+++

Watch this space for information about the venue including address, map/direction, parking/transit, and any hotel details.

<!-- Uncomment this only if you have set the coordinates for your location in the config yaml. Get Latitude and Longitude of a Point: http://itouchmap.com/latlong.html -->
<!-- {{< event_map >}} -->

<!-- Edit and uncomment to let people know what accessibility features you have available -->
<!-- 
    Example from Minneapolis 2020

    We offer wheelchair-designated spaces, chairs, and standing options (with tall tables) in the mainstage session room; a quiet room; bathrooms labeled according to the facilities they contain; professional live captioning of mainstage sessions; ingredient labeling (based on data provided when registering); and private space (upon request) for those nursing. We'd also be happy to accommodate any other accessibility needs upon request: {{< email_organizers >}}    
-->

Commit message:

[KC-2024] go live with devopsdays kc 2024 (#13426)
* remove organizer

* add sponsorship levels

* fix size of image in sponsorships

* adding/removing organizers

* add Ben Dechrai as an organizer

* adj size of images on sponsor page

* base page for CFPs

* add location, dates, sponsors

* add a few new organizers

* add Eric Lee, upd Heather

* add Ben as organizer

* add Dashaun as organizer

* final changes to sponsor and organizers

* upd sponsors with asset link

* update sponsorships

* add paypal payment links

* adjust welcome page

* add Kayla as organizer; adj to usage of DevOpsDays

content/events/2024-kansas-city/location.md, after:

+++
Title = "Location"
Type = "event"
Description = "Location for DevOpsDays Kansas City 2024"
+++

***Watch this space for more information about the venue, map/directions, parking/transit, and any hotel details as they become available.***

## About the space

The **[Madrid Theatre](https://www.madridtheatre.com/)** is a beautifully renovated, multi-purpose theatre that has been home to hundreds of weddings, corporate events, fundraisers, and concerts since its opening in 1926.
 
Rich in history since its inception, the Madrid Theatre has been the home base to several different businesses. What started out as a Spanish revival-style silent movie house boomed until the 1930’s when billionaire tycoon, Howard Hughes, bought it up and ran it as a full movie house for the next decade. In 1944, the theatre closed and sat idle until the 50’s, when it was purchased, gutted, and resuscitated as a storage warehouse.
 
It wasn’t until 1983 when Victor Patti had the vision of restoring this architectural artwork to its original grandeur and purchased it with that intention, and by the beginning of 2000, the hard work was well underway.  At long last, in 2001, 75 years after its grand opening, the Madrid Theatre reopened its doors to the public.

## Directions

<!-- Uncomment this only if you have set the coordinates for your location in the config yaml. Get Latitude and Longitude of a Point: http://itouchmap.com/latlong.html -->
{{< event_map >}}

<!-- Edit and uncomment to let people know what accessibility features you have available -->
<!-- 
    Example from Minneapolis 2020

    We offer wheelchair-designated spaces, chairs, and standing options (with tall tables) in the mainstage session room; a quiet room; bathrooms labeled according to the facilities they contain; professional live captioning of mainstage sessions; ingredient labeling (based on data provided when registering); and private space (upon request) for those nursing. We'd also be happy to accommodate any other accessibility needs upon request: {{< email_organizers >}}    
-->

<br />

## Accessibility features

The main conference space is one level, at street level, and is entirely wheelchair accessible. We will offer wheelchair-designated spaces in the main stage room; bathrooms labeled according to the facilities they contain; and handicapped-designated parking spaces. We'd also be happy to accommodate any other accessibility needs upon request: {{< email_organizers >}}
