content/events/2024-kansas-city/welcome.md, before:

+++
Title = "Devopsdays Kansas City 2024"
Type = "welcome"
aliases = ["/events/2024-kansas-city/"]
Description = "Devopsdays Kansas City 2024 will take place May 15-16, 2024!"
+++

# After 4 years, Devopsdays Kansas City is BACK for 2024!



<div style="text-align:center;">
  {{< event_logo >}}
</div>

<div class = "row">
  <div class = "col-md-2">
    <strong>Dates</strong>
  </div>
  <div class = "col-md-8">
    {{< event_start >}} - {{< event_end >}}
  </div>
</div>

<div class = "row">
  <div class = "col-md-2">
    <strong>Location</strong>
  </div>
  <div class = "col-md-8">
    {{< event_location >}}
  </div>
</div>

<!-- <div class = "row">
  <div class = "col-md-2">
    <strong>Register</strong>
  </div>
  <div class = "col-md-8">
    {{< event_link page="registration" text="Register to attend the conference!" >}}
  </div>
</div> -->

<!-- <div class = "row">
  <div class = "col-md-2">
    <strong>Propose</strong>
  </div>
  <div class = "col-md-8">
    {{< event_link page="propose" text="Propose a talk!" >}}
  </div>
</div> -->

<!-- <div class = "row">
  <div class = "col-md-2">
    <strong>Program</strong>
  </div>
  <div class = "col-md-8">
    View the {{< event_link page="program" text="program." >}}
  </div>
</div> -->

<!-- <div class = "row">
  <div class = "col-md-2">
    <strong>Speakers</strong>
  </div>
  <div class = "col-md-8">
    Check out the {{< event_link page="speakers" text="speakers!" >}}
  </div>
</div> -->

<div class = "row">
  <div class = "col-md-2">
    <strong>Sponsors</strong>
  </div>
  <div class = "col-md-8">
    {{< event_link page="sponsor" text="Sponsor the conference!" >}}
  </div>
</div>

<div class = "row">
  <div class = "col-md-2">
    <strong>Contact</strong>
  </div>
  <div class = "col-md-8">
    {{< event_link page="contact" text="Get in touch with the organizers" >}}
  </div>
</div>

<!-- Uncomment if you added your city twitter name -->
{{< event_twitter >}}

<p />

<div class="container">
  <div class="row">
    <div class="col-12">
        Devopsdays KC 2024 will be our 5th annual conference in Kansas City, and <strong>first since 2019</strong>! Kansas City is where large enterprise software companies and a growing startup community are fueled by the fastest internet in the world, Google Fiber! This event will allow you to connect with a diverse set of stakeholders all in one place, and we expect to have up to 300 attendees at the event.
      <br><br>
        Are you looking to connect with executives and senior technical leaders at the top companies in Kansas City? DevOpsDays KC had over 70 local companies represented in 2019, and we expect at least that number in 2024. Of our attendees, over 50% are senior technical leaders with titles ranging from Senior Technology Architect to Chief Architect. This is a great opportunity to connect with senior leadership and decision makers from the top companies across Kansas City. If your target audience is more of a mix - we have students, project managers, security specialists, business analysts, and people managers.
    </div>
  </div>

  <div class="row">
    <div class="col-md-12">
      <div class="row justify-content-center">
        <div class="d-flex p-2">
          <a class="btn btn-primary btn-block"
            style="margin-top: 10px; margin-bottom: 10px; background-color: #96bfe6; border-color: #96bfe6;"
            href="/events/2024-kansas-city/contact">
            <i class="fa fa-envelope-o fa-lg"></i>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Contact the Organizers
          </a>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>
</div>

Commit message:

add Kayla as organizer; adj to usage of DevOpsDays

content/events/2024-kansas-city/welcome.md, after:

+++
Title = "DevOpsDays Kansas City 2024"
Type = "welcome"
aliases = ["/events/2024-kansas-city/"]
Description = "DevOpsDays Kansas City 2024 will take place May 15-16, 2024!"
+++

# After 4 years, DevOpsDays Kansas City is BACK for 2024!



<div style="text-align:center;">
  {{< event_logo >}}
</div>

<div class = "row">
  <div class = "col-md-2">
    <strong>Dates</strong>
  </div>
  <div class = "col-md-8">
    {{< event_start >}} - {{< event_end >}}
  </div>
</div>

<div class = "row">
  <div class = "col-md-2">
    <strong>Location</strong>
  </div>
  <div class = "col-md-8">
    {{< event_location >}}
  </div>
</div>

<!-- <div class = "row">
  <div class = "col-md-2">
    <strong>Register</strong>
  </div>
  <div class = "col-md-8">
    {{< event_link page="registration" text="Register to attend the conference!" >}}
  </div>
</div> -->

<!-- <div class = "row">
  <div class = "col-md-2">
    <strong>Propose</strong>
  </div>
  <div class = "col-md-8">
    {{< event_link page="propose" text="Propose a talk!" >}}
  </div>
</div> -->

<!-- <div class = "row">
  <div class = "col-md-2">
    <strong>Program</strong>
  </div>
  <div class = "col-md-8">
    View the {{< event_link page="program" text="program." >}}
  </div>
</div> -->

<!-- <div class = "row">
  <div class = "col-md-2">
    <strong>Speakers</strong>
  </div>
  <div class = "col-md-8">
    Check out the {{< event_link page="speakers" text="speakers!" >}}
  </div>
</div> -->

<div class = "row">
  <div class = "col-md-2">
    <strong>Sponsors</strong>
  </div>
  <div class = "col-md-8">
    {{< event_link page="sponsor" text="Sponsor the conference!" >}}
  </div>
</div>

<div class = "row">
  <div class = "col-md-2">
    <strong>Contact</strong>
  </div>
  <div class = "col-md-8">
    {{< event_link page="contact" text="Get in touch with the organizers" >}}
  </div>
</div>

<!-- Uncomment if you added your city twitter name -->
{{< event_twitter >}}

<p />

<div class="container">
  <div class="row">
    <div class="col-12">
        DevOpsDays KC 2024 will be our 5th annual conference in Kansas City, and <strong>first since 2019</strong>! Kansas City is where large enterprise software companies and a growing startup community are fueled by the fastest internet in the world, Google Fiber! This event will allow you to connect with a diverse set of stakeholders all in one place, and we expect to have up to 300 attendees at the event.
      <br><br>
        Are you looking to connect with executives and senior technical leaders at the top companies in Kansas City? DevOpsDays KC had over 70 local companies represented in 2019, and we expect at least that number in 2024. Of our attendees, over 50% are senior technical leaders with titles ranging from Senior Technology Architect to Chief Architect. This is a great opportunity to connect with senior leadership and decision makers from the top companies across Kansas City. If your target audience is more of a mix - we have students, project managers, security specialists, business analysts, and people managers.
    </div>
  </div>

  <div class="row">
    <div class="col-md-12">
      <div class="row justify-content-center">
        <div class="d-flex p-2">
          <a class="btn btn-primary btn-block"
            style="margin-top: 10px; margin-bottom: 10px; background-color: #96bfe6; border-color: #96bfe6;"
            href="/events/2024-kansas-city/contact">
            <i class="fa fa-envelope-o fa-lg"></i>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Contact the Organizers
          </a>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>
</div>
