content/events/2017-dallas/location.md, before:

+++
date = "2016-12-24T11:00:07-07:00"
title = "location"
type = "event"

+++
<div style="float:left;">
  <img alt="DevOpsDays Dallas 2017" src="/events/2017-dallas/capone-confcntr.jpg" style="max-width: 90%;">
</div><br><br>

##### Here we will provide you with information about the venue including address, map/direction, parking/transit, and any hotel group discount codes.

### <b>Conference location:</b> 
### Capital One Conference Center<br>
[8036 Dominion Pkwy, Plano, TX 75024](https://goo.gl/maps/CKsBtq3ojbL2)

<iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m23!1m12!1m3!1d53487.274085068355!2d-96.84192784069967!3d33.08397819767411!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!4m8!3e6!4m0!4m5!1s0x864c3ccf60e1ea8b%3A0x330a15834a1cd2c4!2sCapital+One+Plano+Conference+Center%2C+Plano%2C+TX+75024!3m2!1d33.083911199999996!2d-96.8068224!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1488910464972" width="600" height="450" frameborder="0" style="border:0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

<!-- {{< event_map >}} -->
<br>
If you are traveling to attend this event, the Capital One Conference Center is approximately a 30 minute drive from the DFW Airport.  Here is a list of hotels and their distance from the hotel to the Capital One Conference Center for your convenience: **[More information about Hotels](http://www.hotels-for-everyone.com/area/Plano,+TX+75024,+USA/33.0787152/-96.8083063?spec=1&checkIn=08/28/2017&checkOut=08/30/2017&adults_1=1&c=USD&l=eng&i=3&sort=7)**
<br>
<br>
<!-- Go to www.addthis.com/dashboard to customize your tools -->
<div class="addthis_horizontal_follow_toolbox"></div>
<!-- Go to www.addthis.com/dashboard to customize your tools -->
<script type="text/javascript" src="//s7.addthis.com/js/300/addthis_widget.js#pubid=ra-5724f5b54cc142a1"></script>

Commit message:

Updating title and description for better SEO

content/events/2017-dallas/location.md, after:

+++
date = "2016-12-24T11:00:07-07:00"
title = "Location"
type = "event"
description = "DevOpsDays Dallas 2017 will be taking place at the Capital One Conference Center, 8036 Dominion Pkwy, Plano, TX 75024"

+++
<div style="float:left;">
  <img alt="DevOpsDays Dallas 2017" src="/events/2017-dallas/capone-confcntr.jpg" style="max-width: 90%;">
</div><br><br>

##### Here we will provide you with information about the venue including address, map/direction, parking/transit, and any hotel group discount codes.

### <b>Conference location:</b> 
### Capital One Conference Center<br>
[8036 Dominion Pkwy, Plano, TX 75024](https://goo.gl/maps/CKsBtq3ojbL2)

<iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m23!1m12!1m3!1d53487.274085068355!2d-96.84192784069967!3d33.08397819767411!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!4m8!3e6!4m0!4m5!1s0x864c3ccf60e1ea8b%3A0x330a15834a1cd2c4!2sCapital+One+Plano+Conference+Center%2C+Plano%2C+TX+75024!3m2!1d33.083911199999996!2d-96.8068224!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1488910464972" width="600" height="450" frameborder="0" style="border:0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

<!-- {{< event_map >}} -->
<br>
If you are traveling to attend this event, the Capital One Conference Center is approximately a 30 minute drive from the DFW Airport.  Here is a list of hotels and their distance from the hotel to the Capital One Conference Center for your convenience: **[More information about Hotels](http://www.hotels-for-everyone.com/area/Plano,+TX+75024,+USA/33.0787152/-96.8083063?spec=1&checkIn=08/28/2017&checkOut=08/30/2017&adults_1=1&c=USD&l=eng&i=3&sort=7)**
<br>
<br>
<!-- Go to www.addthis.com/dashboard to customize your tools -->
<div class="addthis_horizontal_follow_toolbox"></div>
<!-- Go to www.addthis.com/dashboard to customize your tools -->
<script type="text/javascript" src="//s7.addthis.com/js/300/addthis_widget.js#pubid=ra-5724f5b54cc142a1"></script>
