content/events/2017-dallas/propose.md, before:

+++
date = "2016-12-24T11:00:07-07:00"
title = "propose"
type = "event"
+++
  {{< cfp_dates >}}

<hr>
There are three ways to propose a session:
<ol>
  <li><strong><em>A proposal for a talk/panel</em></strong> during the conference part : these are 30 minute slots that will have the full attention of all attendees, as everybody will be in that one room.</li>
  <li><strong><em>An Ignite talk</em></strong> that will be presented during the<a href="/pages/ignite-talks-format"> Ignite sessions</a>. These are 5 minutes slots with slides changing every 15 seconds (20 slides total) which are also presented to all attendees in one room</li>
  <li><strong><em>Open Space session</em></strong> : even without a prepared presentation we welcome the discussion and interaction by having people propose a session on the fly during Open Space. Check the <a href="/pages/open-space-format">Open Space explanation</a> for more information.
</ol>

### Even if you don't propose a talk, please consider <a href="mailto:proposals-dallas-2017@devopsdays.org?subject=Request%20to%20help%20comment%20and%20vote%20on%20CFP%20selections...&body=">asking for permission to comment and cast your vote on proposals submitted by others.</a>

Our main criteria to make it to the top selection are:

- _original content_: content not yet presented at other conferences, or a new angle to an existing problem
- _new presenters_: people who are new to the space and have insightful stuff to say; we want to hear everybody's voice
- _no vendor pitches_: as much as we value vendors and sponsors, we just don't think this is the right forum. You can demo at your table or during Open Space.

<strong>How to submit a proposal:</strong> Go to the following website and follow the instructions on that site.<br> 
## <a href="https://www.papercall.io/dod-dfw-2017">devopsdays DFW 2017 - PaperCall.io</a><br>
If you run into any problems, please don't hesitate to contact us by email at [{{< email_proposals >}}].

<strong>Rules:</strong>
<ul>
	<li>Be specific... we aren't mind readers (a description of about 20 lines is about right)</li>
	<li>Detail is good... but not as important as explaining why your proposal would be interesting</li>
	<li>Propose your own talk; don't have someone else do it for you.</li>
	<li>Nominations welcome... if you know someone who has content/experience relevant to the DevOps conversation, please point us in their direction!</li>
	<li>Multiple proposals welcome... just follow the other rules</li>
</ul>

<br>
<br>
<!-- Go to www.addthis.com/dashboard to customize your tools -->
<div class="addthis_horizontal_follow_toolbox"></div>
<!-- Go to www.addthis.com/dashboard to customize your tools -->
<script type="text/javascript" src="//s7.addthis.com/js/300/addthis_widget.js#pubid=ra-5724f5b54cc142a1"></script>

Commit message:

Updating title and description for better SEO

content/events/2017-dallas/propose.md, after:

+++
date = "2016-12-24T11:00:07-07:00"
title = "Propose"
type = "event"
description = "Propose a talk for DevOpsDays Dallas 2017! CFP opens on April 4th and closes on June 30th."
+++
  {{< cfp_dates >}}

<hr>
There are three ways to propose a session:
<ol>
  <li><strong><em>A proposal for a talk/panel</em></strong> during the conference part : these are 30 minute slots that will have the full attention of all attendees, as everybody will be in that one room.</li>
  <li><strong><em>An Ignite talk</em></strong> that will be presented during the<a href="/pages/ignite-talks-format"> Ignite sessions</a>. These are 5 minutes slots with slides changing every 15 seconds (20 slides total) which are also presented to all attendees in one room</li>
  <li><strong><em>Open Space session</em></strong> : even without a prepared presentation we welcome the discussion and interaction by having people propose a session on the fly during Open Space. Check the <a href="/pages/open-space-format">Open Space explanation</a> for more information.
</ol>

### Even if you don't propose a talk, please consider <a href="mailto:proposals-dallas-2017@devopsdays.org?subject=Request%20to%20help%20comment%20and%20vote%20on%20CFP%20selections...&body=">asking for permission to comment and cast your vote on proposals submitted by others.</a>

Our main criteria to make it to the top selection are:

- _original content_: content not yet presented at other conferences, or a new angle to an existing problem
- _new presenters_: people who are new to the space and have insightful stuff to say; we want to hear everybody's voice
- _no vendor pitches_: as much as we value vendors and sponsors, we just don't think this is the right forum. You can demo at your table or during Open Space.

<strong>How to submit a proposal:</strong> Go to the following website and follow the instructions on that site.<br> 
## <a href="https://www.papercall.io/dod-dfw-2017">devopsdays DFW 2017 - PaperCall.io</a><br>
If you run into any problems, please don't hesitate to contact us by email at [{{< email_proposals >}}].

<strong>Rules:</strong>
<ul>
	<li>Be specific... we aren't mind readers (a description of about 20 lines is about right)</li>
	<li>Detail is good... but not as important as explaining why your proposal would be interesting</li>
	<li>Propose your own talk; don't have someone else do it for you.</li>
	<li>Nominations welcome... if you know someone who has content/experience relevant to the DevOps conversation, please point us in their direction!</li>
	<li>Multiple proposals welcome... just follow the other rules</li>
</ul>

<br>
<br>
<!-- Go to www.addthis.com/dashboard to customize your tools -->
<div class="addthis_horizontal_follow_toolbox"></div>
<!-- Go to www.addthis.com/dashboard to customize your tools -->
<script type="text/javascript" src="//s7.addthis.com/js/300/addthis_widget.js#pubid=ra-5724f5b54cc142a1"></script>
