content/events/2019-toronto/location.md, before:

+++
Title = "Location"
Type = "event"
Description = "Location for DevOpsDays Toronto 2019"
+++

For its sixth year, DevOpsDays Toronto moving to Evergreen Brick Works in the heart Toronto's Don Valley.

<b><a href="https://www.evergreen.ca/evergreen-brick-works/visitor-info/" target="_blank">Evergreen Brick Works</a>:</b> 550 Bayview Ave, Toronto, ON M4W 3X8

<!-- Uncomment this only if you have set the coordinates for your location in the config yaml. Get Latitude and Longitude of a Point: http://itouchmap.com/latlong.html -->
{{< event_map >}}

</br>

## Getting There

There are a number of ways to get to Evergreen Brick Works from downtown Toronto. You can visit their <a href="https://www.evergreen.ca/evergreen-brick-works/visitor-info/getting-here/" target="_blank">Getting Here</a> page for details.

### Planes, Trains and Automobiles

Toronto has two airports: Toronto Pearson International Airport and Billy Bishop Toronto City Airport. Check Expedia.ca for flight information.

Union Station is a main transit hub for Toronto. You can get there by Via Rail, GO Transit and TTC. From the Pearson Airport the <a href="https://www.upexpress.com" target="_blank">Up Express</a> train will get you there in a short 20 minute ride.

### Accommodations

Toronto is a world class city with a multitude of accomodation options in the downtown core. All are an easy Uber or Lyft ride to the venue.

### Tourism

Come to Toronto for DevOpsDays, but check Tourism Toronto for more information on tourist packages and hotels. Sometimes a package deal can make travel less expensive and more fun. What is your interest: opera, ballet, live theatre, art gallery, museums, shopping, music, sports?

Commit message:

[TOR-2019] Add hotel information (#6300)
* Add hotel information

* Update location.md

Added url for Tourism Toronto.

content/events/2019-toronto/location.md, after:

+++
Title = "Location"
Type = "event"
Description = "Location for DevOpsDays Toronto 2019"
+++

For its sixth year, DevOpsDays Toronto moving to Evergreen Brick Works in the heart Toronto's Don Valley.

<b><a href="https://www.evergreen.ca/evergreen-brick-works/visitor-info/" target="_blank">Evergreen Brick Works</a>:</b> 550 Bayview Ave, Toronto, ON M4W 3X8

<!-- Uncomment this only if you have set the coordinates for your location in the config yaml. Get Latitude and Longitude of a Point: http://itouchmap.com/latlong.html -->
{{< event_map >}}

</br>

## Getting There

There are a number of ways to get to Evergreen Brick Works from downtown Toronto. You can visit their <a href="https://www.evergreen.ca/evergreen-brick-works/visitor-info/getting-here/" target="_blank">Getting Here</a> page for details.

### Planes, Trains and Automobiles

Toronto has two airports: Toronto Pearson International Airport and Billy Bishop Toronto City Airport. Check Expedia.ca for flight information.

Union Station is a main transit hub for Toronto. You can get there by Via Rail, GO Transit and TTC. From the Pearson Airport the <a href="https://www.upexpress.com" target="_blank">Up Express</a> train will get you there in a short 20 minute ride.

### Accommodations

Toronto is a world class city with a multitude of accomodation options in the downtown core. All are an easy Uber or Lyft ride to the venue.

We've arranged a room block at <a href="https://www.thebroadviewhotel.ca" target="_blank">The Broadview Hotel</a>.

Online reservations

1. Visit <a href="https://www.thebroadviewhotel.ca" target="_blank">www.thebroadviewhotel.ca</a>
1. Click on “book a room.”
1. Click on “add code”
1. Corporate code: 30086
1. Choose your stay dates and your rate will show

Telephone reservations

1. Toll-free number - (844) 362-8439
1. Mention that is for an upcoming group reservation and the code is: 30086
1. The agent will be able to provide you with a discounted rate.

Last day to reserve rooms is __April 28, 2019__.

### Tourism

Come to Toronto for DevOpsDays, but check <a href="https://www.seetorontonow.com/" target="_blank">Tourism Toronto</a> for more information on tourist packages and hotels. Sometimes a package deal can make travel less expensive and more fun. What is your interest: opera, ballet, live theatre, art gallery, museums, shopping, music, sports?
