content/events/2019-toronto/propose.md, before:

+++
Title = "Propose"
Type = "event"
Description = "Propose a talk for devopsdays Toronto 2019"
+++
  {{< cfp_dates >}}

<hr>

### Equal Opportunity

devopsdays Toronto is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to invite people of all backgrounds and profiles to submit presentation proposals. All potential speakers will receive consideration without regard to race, colour, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, ability or age.

For more information, please see our published {{< event_link page="conduct" text="Code of Conduct" >}}.

### Proposals

There are four ways to propose a session:

1. __A proposal for a talk/panel__ during the conference part : these are 30 minute slots that will have the full attention of all attendees, as everybody will be in that one room.
2. __An Ignite talk__ that will be presented during the<a href="/pages/ignite-talks-format"> Ignite sessions</a>. These are 5 minutes slots with slides changing every 15 seconds (20 slides total) which are also presented to all attendees in one room
3. __A tech talk__ that will be presented during the afternoon in a breakout area. These are 45 minutes time slots giving you more time to go deeper on a technical topic and answer questions.
4. __Open Space session__ : even without a prepared presentation we welcome the discussion and interaction by having people propose a session on the fly during Open Space. Check the <a href="/pages/open-space-format">Open Space explanation</a> for more information.

Choosing talks is part art, part science; here are some factors we consider when trying to assemble the best possible program for our local audience:

- __Broad appeal__: How will your talk play out in a room of people with a variety of backgrounds? Technical deep dives need more levels to provide value for the whole room, some of whom might not use your specific tool.
- __New local presenters__: You are the only one who can tell your story. We are very interested in the challenges and successes being experienced in our local area. We are happy to provide guidance/coaching for new speakers upon request.
- __Under-represented voices__: We want to hear all voices, including those that may speak less frequently at similar events. Whether you're in a field not typically thought of as a technology field, you're in a large, traditional organization, or you're the only person at your organization with your background, we are interested in your unique experience.
- __Original content__: We prefer talks not already presented at another event, especially another one in the local area or one available in recorded form.
- __No third-party submissions__: If a PR firm or your marketing department is proposing the talk, you've already shown that as a speaker you're distant from the process. This is a small community-driven event, and speakers need to be directly engaged with the organizers and attendees.
- __No vendor pitches__: As much as we value vendors and sponsors, we are not going to accept a talk that appears to be a pitch for your product.

### Submit

The link to our submission site will be available soon.

Commit message:

Attempt to use DevOpsDays instead of devopsdays

content/events/2019-toronto/propose.md, after:

+++
Title = "Propose"
Type = "event"
Description = "Propose a talk for DevOpsDays Toronto 2019"
+++
  {{< cfp_dates >}}

<hr>

### Equal Opportunity

DevOpsDays Toronto is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to invite people of all backgrounds and profiles to submit presentation proposals. All potential speakers will receive consideration without regard to race, colour, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, ability or age.

For more information, please see our published {{< event_link page="conduct" text="Code of Conduct" >}}.

### Proposals

There are four ways to propose a session:

1. __A proposal for a talk/panel__ during the conference part : these are 30 minute slots that will have the full attention of all attendees, as everybody will be in that one room.
2. __An Ignite talk__ that will be presented during the<a href="/pages/ignite-talks-format"> Ignite sessions</a>. These are 5 minutes slots with slides changing every 15 seconds (20 slides total) which are also presented to all attendees in one room
3. __A tech talk__ that will be presented during the afternoon in a breakout area. These are 45 minutes time slots giving you more time to go deeper on a technical topic and answer questions.
4. __Open Space session__ : even without a prepared presentation we welcome the discussion and interaction by having people propose a session on the fly during Open Space. Check the <a href="/pages/open-space-format">Open Space explanation</a> for more information.

Choosing talks is part art, part science; here are some factors we consider when trying to assemble the best possible program for our local audience:

- __Broad appeal__: How will your talk play out in a room of people with a variety of backgrounds? Technical deep dives need more levels to provide value for the whole room, some of whom might not use your specific tool.
- __New local presenters__: You are the only one who can tell your story. We are very interested in the challenges and successes being experienced in our local area. We are happy to provide guidance/coaching for new speakers upon request.
- __Under-represented voices__: We want to hear all voices, including those that may speak less frequently at similar events. Whether you're in a field not typically thought of as a technology field, you're in a large, traditional organization, or you're the only person at your organization with your background, we are interested in your unique experience.
- __Original content__: We prefer talks not already presented at another event, especially another one in the local area or one available in recorded form.
- __No third-party submissions__: If a PR firm or your marketing department is proposing the talk, you've already shown that as a speaker you're distant from the process. This is a small community-driven event, and speakers need to be directly engaged with the organizers and attendees.
- __No vendor pitches__: As much as we value vendors and sponsors, we are not going to accept a talk that appears to be a pitch for your product.

### Submit

The link to our submission site will be available soon.
