content/events/2017-philadelphia/speakers/kim-crayton.md, before:

+++
Title = "Kim Crayton"
Twitter = "KimCrayton1"
image = "kim-crayton.png"
type = "speaker"
linktitle = "kim-crayton"

+++


Kim, a Community Engineer, has years of experience working with learners of all ages, skill level, and abilities. She is now using her knowledge to develop technical people, ideas, organizations, and communities. Her current efforts focus on creating environments that support the sharing of common attitudes, interests, and goals. 

She is the past co-organizer of CodeNewbie-Atlanta, founder of JrDevMentoring, author of the "Tech Talk For Non-Techies" blog, KimCrayton1 on Medium.com, and a contributor to the Hypepotamus newsletter and the freeCodeCamp blog. Kim is currently pursuing a Doctors of Business Administration - Technology Entrepreneurship. Her doctoral study topic is: “Strategies some software development managers use to effectively mentor junior software developers.” She is also working on her passion projects The ABC’s of Coding, Tech Talk For Non-Techies, #MentoringMinute, JrDevMentoring.com, @100000Intros, @TheSpectrumCode, and @CommEngReport

Commit message:

Update bio as provided by Crayton; hyperlinks added by Wolfe

content/events/2017-philadelphia/speakers/kim-crayton.md, after:

+++
Title = "Kim Crayton"
Twitter = "KimCrayton1"
image = "kim-crayton.png"
type = "speaker"
linktitle = "kim-crayton"

+++


Kim is a Community Engineer and advocate for diversity, inclusion, and safe spaces in tech. 

She has years of experience working with learners of all ages, skill level, and abilities and is now using her knowledge to develop technical people, ideas, organizations, and communities. Her current efforts focus on creating environments that support the safe sharing of common attitudes, interests, and goals, which she is doing with “The Community Engineering Report” podcast [@CommEngReport](https://twitter.com/CommEngReport), [InclusionConf](https://twitter.com/inclusionconf): A conference dedicated to helping tech become a better reflection of the customers and communities it serves, “Taming the Wild West: Strategies For Successfully Transitioning Into A Technology Career” workshop, public speaking, and [#WeCanDoBetter](https://twitter.com/hashtag/wecandobetter). She is currently pursuing a Doctor’s of Business Administration - Technology Entrepreneurship.
