content/events/2024-nashville/location.md, before:

+++
Title = "Location"
Type = "event"
Description = "Location for devopsdays Nashville 2024"
+++

We are currently working on a location for DevOps Days Nashville 2024, check back soon for more information.

<!-- Uncomment this only if you have set the coordinates for your location in the config yaml. Get Latitude and Longitude of a Point: http://itouchmap.com/latlong.html -->
<!-- {{< event_map >}} -->

<!-- Edit and uncomment to let people know what accessibility features you have available -->
<!-- 
    Example from Minneapolis 2020
    We offer wheelchair-designated spaces, chairs, and standing options (with tall tables) in the mainstage session room; a quiet room; bathrooms labeled according to the facilities they contain; professional live captioning of mainstage sessions; ingredient labeling (based on data provided when registering); and private space (upon request) for those nursing. We'd also be happy to accommodate any other accessibility needs upon request: {{< email_organizers >}}    
-->

Commit message:

[NSH-2024] Adds dates and sponsor info (#13585)
* Adds 2024 event information

* Updating sponsor page

* Adds logos
Updates sponsor page

* changes fontawesome to check

* changes fa icos to html checkboxes

* Updates location page

* Removes unneeded files

content/events/2024-nashville/location.md, after:

+++
Title = "Location"
Type = "event"
Description = "Location for devopsdays Nashville 2024"
+++

We are thrilled to be back at the Music City Center for our fifth year in the heart of downtown Nashville. The Music City Center is located at 201 5th Avenue South, Nashville, TN 37203.

<!-- Uncomment this only if you have set the coordinates for your location in the config yaml. Get Latitude and Longitude of a Point: http://itouchmap.com/latlong.html -->
{{< event_map >}}
<br>
If you are traveling to the event, there are numerous hotels in the downtown area.  You can get a list of hotels <a href="https://www.google.com/travel/search?q=hotels%20near%20music%20city%20center%20in%20nashville%20tn" target="_blank"> here</a>.

<!-- Edit and uncomment to let people know what accessibility features you have available -->
<!-- 
    Example from Minneapolis 2020
    We offer wheelchair-designated spaces, chairs, and standing options (with tall tables) in the mainstage session room; a quiet room; bathrooms labeled according to the facilities they contain; professional live captioning of mainstage sessions; ingredient labeling (based on data provided when registering); and private space (upon request) for those nursing. We'd also be happy to accommodate any other accessibility needs upon request: {{< email_organizers >}}    
-->
