content/events/2024-nashville/propose.md, before:

+++
Title = "Propose"
Type = "event"
Description = "Propose a talk for DevOpsDays Nashville"
+++
  <!-- {{< cfp_dates >}} -->

<hr>
We are currently working on our 2024 dates.  We will be opening submissions for talks soon, please check back often for updates.

<!-- <hr>

There are two ways to speak at DevOpsDays Nashville:
<ol>
  <li><strong><em>A 30-minute talk</em></strong> presented during the conference, usually in the mornings.</li>
  <li><strong><em>An Ignite talk</em></strong> presented during the <a href="/pages/ignite-talks-format">Ignite sessions</a> (scheduling varies). These are 5 minutes slots with slides changing every 15 seconds (20 slides total).</li>
  <ol>

<hr>

Choosing talks is part art, part science; here are some factors we consider when trying to assemble the best possible program for our local audience:

- _broad appeal_: How will your talk play out in a room of people with a variety of backgrounds? Technical deep dives need more levels to provide value for the whole room, some of whom might not use your specific tool.
- _new local presenters_: You are the only one who can tell your story. We are very interested in the challenges and successes being experienced in our local area. We are happy to provide guidance/coaching for new speakers upon request.
- _under-represented voices_: We want to hear all voices, including those that may speak less frequently at similar events. Whether you're in a field not typically thought of as a technology field, you're in a large, traditional organization, or you're the only person at your organization with your background, we are interested in your unique experience.
- _original content_: We will consider talks that have already been presented elsewhere, but we prefer talks that the local area isn't likely to have already seen.
- _no third-party submissions_: This is a small community-driven event, and speakers need to be directly engaged with the organizers and attendees. If a PR firm or your marketing department is proposing the talk, you've already shown that as a speaker you're distant from the process.
- _no vendor pitches_: As much as we value vendors and sponsors, we are not going to accept a talk that appears to be a pitch for your product.

<hr>

<strong>How to submit a proposal:</strong> Visit our <a href="https://sessionize.com/nashvilledevopsdays2023/">call for speakers </a> for more information and to submit your talk. -->

Commit message:

[NSH-2024] Adds dates and sponsor info (#13585)
* Adds 2024 event information

* Updating sponsor page

* Adds logos
Updates sponsor page

* changes fontawesome to check

* changes fa icos to html checkboxes

* Updates location page

* Removes unneeded files

content/events/2024-nashville/propose.md, after:

+++
Title = "Propose"
Type = "event"
Description = "Propose a talk for DevOpsDays Nashville"
+++
  <!-- {{< cfp_dates >}} -->

<hr>
We will be posting more information soon about how to propose a talk.  We look forward to seeing you at DevOpsDays Nashville!

<!-- <hr>

There are two ways to speak at DevOpsDays Nashville:
<ol>
  <li><strong><em>A 30-minute talk</em></strong> presented during the conference, usually in the mornings.</li>
  <li><strong><em>An Ignite talk</em></strong> presented during the <a href="/pages/ignite-talks-format">Ignite sessions</a> (scheduling varies). These are 5 minutes slots with slides changing every 15 seconds (20 slides total).</li>
  <ol>

<hr>

Choosing talks is part art, part science; here are some factors we consider when trying to assemble the best possible program for our local audience:

- _broad appeal_: How will your talk play out in a room of people with a variety of backgrounds? Technical deep dives need more levels to provide value for the whole room, some of whom might not use your specific tool.
- _new local presenters_: You are the only one who can tell your story. We are very interested in the challenges and successes being experienced in our local area. We are happy to provide guidance/coaching for new speakers upon request.
- _under-represented voices_: We want to hear all voices, including those that may speak less frequently at similar events. Whether you're in a field not typically thought of as a technology field, you're in a large, traditional organization, or you're the only person at your organization with your background, we are interested in your unique experience.
- _original content_: We will consider talks that have already been presented elsewhere, but we prefer talks that the local area isn't likely to have already seen.
- _no third-party submissions_: This is a small community-driven event, and speakers need to be directly engaged with the organizers and attendees. If a PR firm or your marketing department is proposing the talk, you've already shown that as a speaker you're distant from the process.
- _no vendor pitches_: As much as we value vendors and sponsors, we are not going to accept a talk that appears to be a pitch for your product.

<hr>

<strong>How to submit a proposal:</strong> Visit our <a href="https://sessionize.com/nashvilledevopsdays2023/">call for speakers </a> for more information and to submit your talk. -->
