content/events/2023-boston/health-and-safety.md, before:

+++
Title = "Health & Safety / COVID-19 Policy"
Type = "event"
Description = "Health & Safety Policy for DevOpsDays Boston 2023"
aliases = ["/events/2023-boston/health-and-safety"]
+++

In order to ensure the health and safety of all our attendees, staff, speakers, sponsors, and venue partners, DevOpsDays Boston has instituted the following COVID-19 policy for our 2023 event:

For public safety reasons this year, to access our event in-person at the Boston Center for the Arts, you will need either A) proof of vaccination and your valid ID to confirm this proof of vaccination, or B) recent negative COVID test (either PCR or Rapid). For more information on local testing options, visit: [https://www.mass.gov/covid-19-testing](https://www.mass.gov/covid-19-testing)

Masks will be provided for individuals who prefer to wear them inside the venue, but are not required this year.

If you are feeling sick on either day of the event, we strongly encourage you to stay home and not try to attend.

If you cannot comply with these requirements, we ask that you request a ticket refund by October 2nd, 2023 if applicable.

Commit message:

Update timeframe and refund verbiage per jyee's suggestions

content/events/2023-boston/health-and-safety.md, after:

+++
Title = "Health & Safety / COVID-19 Policy"
Type = "event"
Description = "Health & Safety Policy for DevOpsDays Boston 2023"
aliases = ["/events/2023-boston/health-and-safety"]
+++

In order to ensure the health and safety of all our attendees, staff, speakers, sponsors, and venue partners, DevOpsDays Boston has instituted the following COVID-19 policy for our 2023 event:

For public safety reasons this year, to access our event in-person at the Boston Center for the Arts, you will need either A) proof of vaccination and your valid ID to confirm this proof of vaccination, or B) recent negative COVID test (either PCR or Rapid within the past 48 hours since providing). For more information on local testing options, visit: [https://www.mass.gov/covid-19-testing](https://www.mass.gov/covid-19-testing)

Masks will be provided for individuals who prefer to wear them inside the venue, but are not required this year.

If you are feeling sick on either day of the event, we strongly encourage you to stay home and not try to attend. In the event this happens, please contact us about a refund (partial if only on second day).

If you cannot comply with these requirements, we ask that you request a ticket refund by October 2nd, 2023 if applicable.
