content/events/2017-minneapolis/program/habitat.md, before:

+++
Talk_date = ""
Talk_start_time = ""
Talk_end_time = ""
Title = "Application Automation & Containerization with Habitat"
Type = "talk"
Speakers = ["nicole-johnson", "nathen-harvey"]
+++

Habitat builds and manages modern applications following the practices and principles of modern application teams.  Build applications of any flavor, from microservices to traditional applications.  Deploy applications in any operational environment from bare metal to containers.  Habitat provides consistent, repeatable, auditable applications that lower operational complexity and simplify development workflows.

This hands-on workshop is for anyone involved in building, deploying, or managing applications.  The workshop will give you experience running and building applications with Habitat and describe the application-first approach that Habitat provides.  Find out more at [habitat.sh](https://habitat.sh).

Prerequisites

Participants should bring a wifi-enabled laptop to the workshop.  Participants will be given a remote workstation with all prerequisites installed. The only thing required to access these workstations will be an SSH client (PuTTY on Windows) and familiarity with a interactive text editor (Vi/Vim, Emacs, or Nano).

It's best that participants of this workshop have some familiarity and comfort with the following:

* Writing code (of just about any flavor) in a text editor
* Working on the command line
* Basic system administration – installing packages, configuring those packages, starting service

Commit message:

[MSP-2017] Link to slides from Habitat workshop
Signed-off-by: Nathen Harvey <nharvey@chef.io>

content/events/2017-minneapolis/program/habitat.md, after:

+++
Talk_date = ""
Talk_start_time = ""
Talk_end_time = ""
Title = "Application Automation & Containerization with Habitat"
Type = "talk"
Speakers = ["nicole-johnson", "nathen-harvey"]
+++

Habitat builds and manages modern applications following the practices and principles of modern application teams.  Build applications of any flavor, from microservices to traditional applications.  Deploy applications in any operational environment from bare metal to containers.  Habitat provides consistent, repeatable, auditable applications that lower operational complexity and simplify development workflows.

This hands-on workshop is for anyone involved in building, deploying, or managing applications.  The workshop will give you experience running and building applications with Habitat and describe the application-first approach that Habitat provides.  Find out more at [habitat.sh](https://habitat.sh).

[Slides from this workshop are available on Slideshare](https://speakerdeck.com/nathenharvey/application-automation-and-containerization-with-habitat).

Prerequisites

Participants should bring a wifi-enabled laptop to the workshop.  Participants will be given a remote workstation with all prerequisites installed. The only thing required to access these workstations will be an SSH client (PuTTY on Windows) and familiarity with a interactive text editor (Vi/Vim, Emacs, or Nano).

It's best that participants of this workshop have some familiarity and comfort with the following:

* Writing code (of just about any flavor) in a text editor
* Working on the command line
* Basic system administration – installing packages, configuring those packages, starting service
