content/events/2023-chicago/sponsor-info.md, before:

+++
date = "2016-10-17T08:26:34-05:00"
title = "Sponsor Information"
type = "event"
description = "Sponsor information for devopsdays Chicago 2023!"
+++
Thank you for sponsoring DevOpsDays Chicago 2023! The organizing committee is excited and happy to welcome you as sponsors. This event could not exist without your support.
<!-- vscode-markdown-toc -->
* [Contact](#Contact)
* [Important Dates](#ImportantDates)
* [Registration](#Registration)
* [Ticket Donations](#TicketDonations)
* [Code of Conduct](#CodeofConduct)
* [Social Media](#SocialMedia)
	* [Note to sponsors about social media and Discord](#NotetosponsorsaboutsocialmediaandDiscord)
* [Venue](#Venue)
	* [Shipping](#Shipping)
		* [To the Event](#TotheEvent)
		* [From the Event](#FromtheEvent)
	* [Internet](#Internet)
* [Logo for Banners and Slideshow](#LogoforBannersandSlideshow)
* [Floor Plan](#FloorPlan)
* [Sponsor Tables](#SponsorTables)
	* [By Table Number](#ByTableNumber)
	* [By Sponsor Name](#BySponsorName)
* [Tables and AV](#TablesandAV)
	* [Table](#Table)
	* [AV Rentals](#AVRentals)
		* [Equipment Rental Form](#EquipmentRentalForm)
* [Sponsor Pitch](#SponsorPitch)
	* [Sponsor Pitch Schedule](#SponsorPitchSchedule)
* [Evening Events](#EveningEvents)
* [Other FAQs](#OtherFAQs)

<!-- vscode-markdown-toc-config
	numbering=false
	autoSave=true
	/vscode-markdown-toc-config -->
<!-- /vscode-markdown-toc -->


# Sponsor Information

## <a name='Contact'></a>Contact

Email: <chicago-sponsors@devopsdays.org>

Please use the above email address for all pre-event contact. One of the organizers will respond promptly.

## <a name='ImportantDates'></a>Important Dates

July 24: Last day to order A/V equipment

July 26: Last day to register for the event and get badge with name printed

August 3: First day the venue will accept packages for the event

August 9-10: DevOpsDays Chicago 2023!

August 15:  Last day to send outbound packages

## <a name='Registration'></a>Registration

All attendees, including sponsor exhibitors, are required to register for this event and wear the conference badge while in conference space. All sponsors should have received a coupon code that can be used to register your attendees. If you did not receive this code, please contact <chicago-sponsors@devopsdays.org>. All attendees must adhere to the event's [Health and Safety policy](https://devopsdays.org/events/2023-chicago/covid-19-policy/).

## <a name='TicketDonations'></a>Ticket Donations

Please notify the conference organizers if you will not be using all of your allotted tickets. We will donate unused tickets to underrepresented and marginalized groups in technology through local organizations including [Write/Speak/Code](http://www.meetup.com/WriteSpeakCode-Chicago), [Tech While Black](https://techwhileblack.com/), [Chicago Women Developers](http://www.meetup.com/WomanDevelopers/), and [Blacks In Technology](https://www.blacksintechnology.net/). If you have a preference, please let us know. Any help and support would be greatly appreciated. 

## <a name='CodeofConduct'></a>Code of Conduct

Respect and empathy are core DevOps values. All sponsors and attendees are required to abide by the [Code of Conduct](http://devopsdays.org/events/2023-chicago/conduct/) listed on our website. If at any time a member of the organizing committee finds that any attendee (associated with a sponsor or not) has violated the Code of Conduct, the organizing committee has the sole discretion to take any appropriate action up to and including asking that attendee to leave without a refund.

Please ensure all marketing materials and swag are appropriate and in line with our [Code of Conduct](http://devopsdays.org/events/2023-chicago/conduct/). Sponsors with handouts, prizes, or other swag that organizers find in violation of our Code of Conduct will be asked to remove those items immediately.

## <a name='SocialMedia'></a>Social Media

The conference Twitter hashtag will be #devopsdays. Please tweet, blog, and otherwise share what you learn with everyone who isn't able to attend but could benefit from your experience! 

Join us: 

Twitter: <https://twitter.com/devopsdaysChi> 

LinkedIn: <https://www.devopsdayschi.org/linkedin> 

Instagram: <https://www.instagram.com/devopsdayschi>    

### <a name='NotetosponsorsaboutsocialmediaandDiscord'></a>Note to sponsors about social media and Discord

Please note that sponsors are responsible for collecting their own leads and contact information for participants. If a sponsor abuses the social media and/or Discord at the event to harvest contact information, the organizers have the right to ban the organization from future events.

## <a name='Venue'></a>Venue

Willis Tower - Convene<br>
233 S Wacker Dr<br>
Chicago, IL 60606<br>

### <a name='Shipping'></a>Shipping

#### <a name='TotheEvent'></a>To the Event

Please address your boxes and materials to: 

**Convene<br>
233 S. Wacker Drive<br>
Floor 3<br>
Chicago, IL 60606<br>
Attn: Jordan Mulligan<br>
Phone: 989-415-9523**

The box MUST be addressed to "Convene". If not, the boxes will be rejected by the mailroom

Ensure the package label also includes:\
FROM:

**Vendor Name: YOUR COMPANY\
Event Name: DevOpsDays Chicago\
Contact Name: YOUR NAME\
Contact Number: YOUR PHONE NUMBER\
Number of boxes: ____ of _____**

Items can arrive any time after August 3rd.

NOTE: No items larger than a rolling suitcase are permitted through the lobby. Anything larger will need to be shipped as above.

Items cannot be received earlier than **Aug 3** or held past **Aug 15**.

Please also email the tracking number for your shipment to us at <chicago@devopsdays.org>.

#### <a name='FromtheEvent'></a>From the Event

After the conclusion of the conference, please have prepared a pre-paid shipping label for any items that you need shipped back and arrange the pickup via any of the numbers below. Packages must be picked up and shipped off by Aug 15.

We will have a label printer (4 x 6 inches) available for use.

You must schedule the pickup yourself, using any of these numbers:

FedEx: 800-463-3339<br>
UPS: 800-742-5877<br>
USPS: 800-275-8777<br>
DHL: 800-225-5345<br>

### <a name='Internet'></a>Internet

Sponsors will have access to the same free wireless access points as the attendees. No hardwire ethernet connections will be available. We strongly encourage local demos as we will be unable to guarantee speed or function. Login details will be given on the day of the conference.

## <a name='LogoforBannersandSlideshow'></a>Logo for Banners and Slideshow

We will be using the provided logos as shown on the conference website. If you would like any changes made please contact <chicago-sponsors@devopsdays.org>

## <a name='FloorPlan'></a>Floor Plan

<a href = "/events/2023-chicago/sponsor-floor.png"><img src = "/events/2023-chicago/sponsor-floor-small.png" alt = "Floor Plan"></a>
<br>
*Click on the floorplan for a larger version*
## <a name='SponsorTables'></a>Sponsor Tables

### <a name='ByTableNumber'></a>By Table Number
| Table Number | Sponsor                 |
|--------------|-------------------------|
| Franklin-01  | Sleuth.io               |
| Franklin-02  | Acorn Labs              |
| Franklin-03  | LaunchDarkly            |
| Franklin-04  | Trend Micro             |
| Franklin-05  | Sumo Logic              |
| Franklin-06  | Postman                 |
| Franklin-07  | Zesty                   |
| Franklin-08  | Temporal                |
| Franklin-09  | Kosli                   |
| Franklin-10  | AppDynamics             |
| Franklin-11  | Transition Technologies |
| Franklin-12  | Dell                    |
| Franklin-13  | New Relic               |
| Franklin-14  | Site 24x7               |
| Franklin-15  | Discover                |
| Franklin-16  | CircleCI                |
| Jackson-17   | Britive                 |
| Jackson-18   | Observe                 |
| Jackson-19   | Tailscale               |
| Jackson-20   | Community Booth         |
| Jackson-21   | Relativity              |
| Jackson-22   | Spot by NetApp          |
| Jackson-23   | Roost.ai                |
| Jackson-24   | GitLab                  |
| Jackson-25   | Mezmo                   |
| Jackson-26   | Virtana/CloudEQ         |
| Jackson-27   | Cloudbees               |
| Jackson-28   | Puppet by Perforce      |
| Jackson-29   | Google                  |
| Jackson-30   | Nobl9                   |
<br><br>
### <a name='BySponsorName'></a>By Sponsor Name
| Sponsor                 | Table Number |
|-------------------------|--------------|
| Acorn Labs              | Franklin-02  |
| AppDynamics             | Franklin-10  |
| Britive                 | Jackson-17   |
| CircleCI                | Franklin-16  |
| Cloudbees               | Jackson-27   |
| Community Booth         | Jackson-20   |
| Dell                    | Franklin-12  |
| Discover                | Franklin-15  |
| GitLab                  | Jackson-24   |
| Google                  | Jackson-29   |
| Kosli                   | Franklin-09  |
| LaunchDarkly            | Franklin-03  |
| Mezmo                   | Jackson-25   |
| New Relic               | Franklin-13  |
| Nobl9                   | Jackson-30   |
| Observe                 | Jackson-18   |
| Postman                 | Franklin-06  |
| Puppet by Perforce      | Jackson-28   |
| Relativity              | Jackson-21   |
| Roost.ai                | Jackson-23   |
| Site 24x7               | Franklin-14  |
| Sleuth.io               | Franklin-01  |
| Spot by NetApp          | Jackson-22   |
| Sumo Logic              | Franklin-05  |
| Tailscale               | Jackson-19   |
| Temporal                | Franklin-08  |
| Transition Technologies | Franklin-11  |
| Trend Micro             | Franklin-04  |
| Virtana/CloudEQ         | Jackson-26   |
| Zesty                   | Franklin-07  |
<br><br>
## <a name='TablesandAV'></a>Tables and AV

Sponsors will be located in the foyer of the main ballroom (see the floor plan above). Coffee and snacks will be served in the sponsor area.

### <a name='Table'></a>Table

- Total "booth" space will be an 8' x 6' area.
- Platinum and Gold sponsors will be provided a 72" x 30" table with a black tablecloth, two chairs, and a power strip access.
- Sponsors will be allowed into the venue at 7:00 am on Wednesday August 9th
- Doors open at 8:00am for attendees; talks start at 9:00am.
- Teardown must be complete by 5:45 pm on Thursday, August 10th

### <a name='AVRentals'></a>AV Rentals

(rentals are via the venue, items are priced per day taxes/admin fee apply)

- 20" Class LED Monitor ($200)
- 30" Class LED Monitor ($225)
- 40" Class LED Monitor ($450)
- 50" Class LED Monitor ($500)
- 60" Class LED Monitor ($675)
- 70" Class LED Monitor  ($800)
- 80" Class LED Monitor ($1,100)
- Laptop  ($275)

Please submit a completed [order form](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/104m_1usQxV-tpOwWxTH2-zJsGDilmy3j/edit?usp=drive_link&ouid=100112177359675111447&rtpof=true&sd=true) to Aaron Paul at apaul@convene.com and Vincent Martinez at <vmartinez@convene.com> by July 24. Once submitted, you will receive an email regarding payment.

If you have any questions, contact Aaron Paul at apaul@convene.com.

#### <a name='EquipmentRentalForm'></a>Equipment Rental Form

<https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/104m_1usQxV-tpOwWxTH2-zJsGDilmy3j/edit?usp=drive_link&ouid=100112177359675111447&rtpof=true&sd=true>

All monitor rental requests must be made by **Monday July 24th**  to ensure availability.

## <a name='SponsorPitch'></a>Sponsor Pitch

Each Platinum Sponsor will have five minutes, and each Gold Sponsor will have one minute to address the main hall and the listening audience during scheduled blocks between talks. Please ensure that the content of your pitch adheres to the [Code of Conduct](http://devopsdays.org/events/2018-chicago/conduct/).

This is a simple verbal pitch. No slides (except for Platinum sponsors), banners, or other materials. We will display your company logo on the main screen during your pitch. Most folks mention their job openings/company overview rather than a product pitch. 

Platinum sponsors may provide a slide deck which will be presented during their pitch (we'll give you the clicker for it!) Please send your slides (in PowerPoint, Keynote, or PDF form) to chicago@devopsdays.org no later than **Friday, August 4**.

### <a name='SponsorPitchSchedule'></a>Sponsor Pitch Schedule

| Day       | Time (10 min slot) | Sponsors                |
|-----------|--------------------|-------------------------|
| Wednesday | 9:45:00 AM         | New Relic               |
|           |                    | CircleCI                |
|           |                    | Dell                    |
|           |                    |                         |
| Wednesday | 11:10 AM           | Transition Technologies |
|           |                    | AppDynamics             |
|           |                    | Kosli                   |
|           |                    | Temporal                |
|           |                    | Zesty                   |
|           |                    |                         |
| Wednesday | 11:50 AM           | Postman                 |
|           |                    | Sumo Logic              |
|           |                    | Trend Micro             |
|           |                    | LaunchDarkly            |
|           |                    | Acorn Labs              |
|           |                    |                         |
| Wednesday | 1:30 PM            | Site 24x7               |
|           |                    | Sleuth.io               |
|           |                    | Britive                 |
|           |                    |                         |
| Thursday  | 9:45 AM            | Discover                |
|           |                    | Observe                 |
|           |                    | Tailscale               |
|           |                    |                         |
| Thursday  | 11:10 AM           | Nobl9                   |
|           |                    | Google                  |
|           |                    | Puppet                  |
|           |                    | Cloudbees               |
|           |                    | Virtana                 |
|           |                    |                         |
| Thursday  | 11:50 AM           | Mezmo - o11yn           |
|           |                    | GitLab                  |
|           |                    | Roost.ai                |
|           |                    | Spot by NetApp          |
|           |                    | Relativity              |
|           |                    |                         |
| Thursday  | 1:30 PM            | Sponsor giveaways       |
<br><br>
## <a name='EveningEvents'></a>Evening Events

There is no official conference evening event; however, if you are planning to host a party or happy hour, etc after either day of the conference, please let us know the details! We will include this information in communications to attendees. Please send the details to chicago-sponsors@devopsdays.org

## <a name='OtherFAQs'></a>Other FAQs

**How many people will be attending the conference?**

We are expecting 550-600 people at the conference.

**What are the demographics of the attendees?**

DevOpsDays conferences typically attract software, operations, infosec, QA, and build engineers, as well as architects and technology managers. From voluntary attendee data, 22% had VP or Director-level titles, 17% had senior level titles, and over 85% had technical roles.

These folks are attending to learn and to share learnings about the DevOps movement. They most appreciate sponsors who engage with them with that in mind.

**Will sponsors get an email list of attendees? Do we get a dedicated email blast?**

No, we will not be sending out a formalized list.

Platinum and Gold sponsors will have their logos in all conference emails to participants. We cannot send out emails on behalf of sponsors and will not share contact information or lists of attendee names.

**When can we pick our booth spot?**

Booths are assigned accordingly to sponsor level, then prioritized by when payment was received. We try not to place competitors next to each other and try to accommodate any requests.

**What is the booth set up? Can we bring 1m roll-up as our back wall?**

Booths are long tables ( 72" x 30") with a black tablecloth and power strip and 2 chairs. We recommend bringing/shipping: signage, handouts, pop-up banners, giveaways, etc. Banners must fit behind your booth.

![](/events/2023-chicago/booth.png)<br>
*A Gold sponsor table from 2019*

**How many scanners (and which type) do we get?**

This is not your typical conference. The booth is a place to interact with people during breaks.

Sponsors​ ​benefit​​ ​most​ ​when​ ​they actively​ ​participate​.

You are responsible for collecting any information in person. Raffles with a business card draw work well. Just let us know and we will give time on Day 2 to announce raffle winners between talks and lunch. We have seen that sponsors benefit the most when they bring engineers to the conference, attend talks, and actively participate in open space sessions with the other attendees.

**What is the 20% off code for additional sponsorship tickets?**

[SPONSOR-2023-H5P2](https://chicago-tickets.devopsdays.org/2023/redeem?voucher=SPONSOR-2023-H5P2) (click to register directly)

**Who should staff the booth? What are expo hours?**

If your goal is recruiting, consider sending engineering managers. If you are a vendor, send your sales engineers as well as your technical product marketing, and even some engineers. DevOpsDays are about quality, not quantity - it's about active participation!

**Can we do a giveaway on stage?**

Yes. If you want to do a giveaway, you will need to collect your own information (e.g. business cards, entry slips, etc.) for whatever drawing mechanism you want to use. After the ignites on the second day, we will give you a short time slot on stage for your giveaway activity. Just let us know.

**Can I sponsor a talk?**

Absolutely not. Devopsdays does not sell conference speaking slots; sponsors' employees are welcome to submit talk proposals.

**Can I get a discount for sponsoring multiple DevOpsDays?**

All DevOpsDays events are independently organized, so no multi-city sponsorships are available.

**Who organizes DevOpsDays Chicago?**

Your [DevOpsDays Chicago organizers](https://devopsdays.org/chicago/contact) are Chicago-based technology folks who volunteer their time for this event.

All money collected from sponsors goes towards the conference and its related expenses. We are not a non-profit, so sponsorships are not tax deductible. Contact us at chicago-sponsors@devopsdays.org  to get our W9.

For any other questions, email all of us at <chicago@devopsdays.org>

Commit message:

[CHI-23] update community booth, mark Gold as sold out
Signed-off-by: dexhorthy <dexter@replicated.com>

content/events/2023-chicago/sponsor-info.md, after:

+++
date = "2016-10-17T08:26:34-05:00"
title = "Sponsor Information"
type = "event"
description = "Sponsor information for devopsdays Chicago 2023!"
+++
Thank you for sponsoring DevOpsDays Chicago 2023! The organizing committee is excited and happy to welcome you as sponsors. This event could not exist without your support.
<!-- vscode-markdown-toc -->
* [Contact](#Contact)
* [Important Dates](#ImportantDates)
* [Registration](#Registration)
* [Ticket Donations](#TicketDonations)
* [Code of Conduct](#CodeofConduct)
* [Social Media](#SocialMedia)
	* [Note to sponsors about social media and Discord](#NotetosponsorsaboutsocialmediaandDiscord)
* [Venue](#Venue)
	* [Shipping](#Shipping)
		* [To the Event](#TotheEvent)
		* [From the Event](#FromtheEvent)
	* [Internet](#Internet)
* [Logo for Banners and Slideshow](#LogoforBannersandSlideshow)
* [Floor Plan](#FloorPlan)
* [Sponsor Tables](#SponsorTables)
	* [By Table Number](#ByTableNumber)
	* [By Sponsor Name](#BySponsorName)
* [Tables and AV](#TablesandAV)
	* [Table](#Table)
	* [AV Rentals](#AVRentals)
		* [Equipment Rental Form](#EquipmentRentalForm)
* [Sponsor Pitch](#SponsorPitch)
	* [Sponsor Pitch Schedule](#SponsorPitchSchedule)
* [Evening Events](#EveningEvents)
* [Other FAQs](#OtherFAQs)

<!-- vscode-markdown-toc-config
	numbering=false
	autoSave=true
	/vscode-markdown-toc-config -->
<!-- /vscode-markdown-toc -->


# Sponsor Information

## <a name='Contact'></a>Contact

Email: <chicago-sponsors@devopsdays.org>

Please use the above email address for all pre-event contact. One of the organizers will respond promptly.

## <a name='ImportantDates'></a>Important Dates

July 24: Last day to order A/V equipment

July 26: Last day to register for the event and get badge with name printed

August 3: First day the venue will accept packages for the event

August 9-10: DevOpsDays Chicago 2023!

August 15:  Last day to send outbound packages

## <a name='Registration'></a>Registration

All attendees, including sponsor exhibitors, are required to register for this event and wear the conference badge while in conference space. All sponsors should have received a coupon code that can be used to register your attendees. If you did not receive this code, please contact <chicago-sponsors@devopsdays.org>. All attendees must adhere to the event's [Health and Safety policy](https://devopsdays.org/events/2023-chicago/covid-19-policy/).

## <a name='TicketDonations'></a>Ticket Donations

Please notify the conference organizers if you will not be using all of your allotted tickets. We will donate unused tickets to underrepresented and marginalized groups in technology through local organizations including [Write/Speak/Code](http://www.meetup.com/WriteSpeakCode-Chicago), [Tech While Black](https://techwhileblack.com/), [Chicago Women Developers](http://www.meetup.com/WomanDevelopers/), and [Blacks In Technology](https://www.blacksintechnology.net/). If you have a preference, please let us know. Any help and support would be greatly appreciated. 

## <a name='CodeofConduct'></a>Code of Conduct

Respect and empathy are core DevOps values. All sponsors and attendees are required to abide by the [Code of Conduct](http://devopsdays.org/events/2023-chicago/conduct/) listed on our website. If at any time a member of the organizing committee finds that any attendee (associated with a sponsor or not) has violated the Code of Conduct, the organizing committee has the sole discretion to take any appropriate action up to and including asking that attendee to leave without a refund.

Please ensure all marketing materials and swag are appropriate and in line with our [Code of Conduct](http://devopsdays.org/events/2023-chicago/conduct/). Sponsors with handouts, prizes, or other swag that organizers find in violation of our Code of Conduct will be asked to remove those items immediately.

## <a name='SocialMedia'></a>Social Media

The conference Twitter hashtag will be #devopsdays. Please tweet, blog, and otherwise share what you learn with everyone who isn't able to attend but could benefit from your experience! 

Join us: 

Twitter: <https://twitter.com/devopsdaysChi> 

LinkedIn: <https://www.devopsdayschi.org/linkedin> 

Instagram: <https://www.instagram.com/devopsdayschi>    

### <a name='NotetosponsorsaboutsocialmediaandDiscord'></a>Note to sponsors about social media and Discord

Please note that sponsors are responsible for collecting their own leads and contact information for participants. If a sponsor abuses the social media and/or Discord at the event to harvest contact information, the organizers have the right to ban the organization from future events.

## <a name='Venue'></a>Venue

Willis Tower - Convene<br>
233 S Wacker Dr<br>
Chicago, IL 60606<br>

### <a name='Shipping'></a>Shipping

#### <a name='TotheEvent'></a>To the Event

Please address your boxes and materials to: 

**Convene<br>
233 S. Wacker Drive<br>
Floor 3<br>
Chicago, IL 60606<br>
Attn: Jordan Mulligan<br>
Phone: 989-415-9523**

The box MUST be addressed to "Convene". If not, the boxes will be rejected by the mailroom

Ensure the package label also includes:\
FROM:

**Vendor Name: YOUR COMPANY\
Event Name: DevOpsDays Chicago\
Contact Name: YOUR NAME\
Contact Number: YOUR PHONE NUMBER\
Number of boxes: ____ of _____**

Items can arrive any time after August 3rd.

NOTE: No items larger than a rolling suitcase are permitted through the lobby. Anything larger will need to be shipped as above.

Items cannot be received earlier than **Aug 3** or held past **Aug 15**.

Please also email the tracking number for your shipment to us at <chicago@devopsdays.org>.

#### <a name='FromtheEvent'></a>From the Event

After the conclusion of the conference, please have prepared a pre-paid shipping label for any items that you need shipped back and arrange the pickup via any of the numbers below. Packages must be picked up and shipped off by Aug 15.

We will have a label printer (4 x 6 inches) available for use.

You must schedule the pickup yourself, using any of these numbers:

FedEx: 800-463-3339<br>
UPS: 800-742-5877<br>
USPS: 800-275-8777<br>
DHL: 800-225-5345<br>

### <a name='Internet'></a>Internet

Sponsors will have access to the same free wireless access points as the attendees. No hardwire ethernet connections will be available. We strongly encourage local demos as we will be unable to guarantee speed or function. Login details will be given on the day of the conference.

## <a name='LogoforBannersandSlideshow'></a>Logo for Banners and Slideshow

We will be using the provided logos as shown on the conference website. If you would like any changes made please contact <chicago-sponsors@devopsdays.org>

## <a name='FloorPlan'></a>Floor Plan

<a href = "/events/2023-chicago/sponsor-floor.png"><img src = "/events/2023-chicago/sponsor-floor-small.png" alt = "Floor Plan"></a>
<br>
*Click on the floorplan for a larger version*
## <a name='SponsorTables'></a>Sponsor Tables

### <a name='ByTableNumber'></a>By Table Number
| Table Number | Sponsor                 |
|--------------|-------------------------|
| Franklin-01  | Sleuth.io               |
| Franklin-02  | Acorn Labs              |
| Franklin-03  | LaunchDarkly            |
| Franklin-04  | Trend Micro             |
| Franklin-05  | Sumo Logic              |
| Franklin-06  | Postman                 |
| Franklin-07  | Zesty                   |
| Franklin-08  | Temporal                |
| Franklin-09  | Kosli                   |
| Franklin-10  | AppDynamics             |
| Franklin-11  | Transition Technologies |
| Franklin-12  | Dell                    |
| Franklin-13  | New Relic               |
| Franklin-14  | Site 24x7               |
| Franklin-15  | Discover                |
| Franklin-16  | CircleCI                |
| Jackson-17   | Britive                 |
| Jackson-18   | Observe                 |
| Jackson-19   | Tailscale               |
| Jackson-20   | Blacks in Technology    |
| Jackson-21   | Relativity              |
| Jackson-22   | Spot by NetApp          |
| Jackson-23   | Roost.ai                |
| Jackson-24   | GitLab                  |
| Jackson-25   | Mezmo                   |
| Jackson-26   | Virtana/CloudEQ         |
| Jackson-27   | Cloudbees               |
| Jackson-28   | Puppet by Perforce      |
| Jackson-29   | Google                  |
| Jackson-30   | Nobl9                   |
<br><br>
### <a name='BySponsorName'></a>By Sponsor Name
| Sponsor                 | Table Number |
|-------------------------|--------------|
| Acorn Labs              | Franklin-02  |
| AppDynamics             | Franklin-10  |
| Britive                 | Jackson-17   |
| CircleCI                | Franklin-16  |
| Cloudbees               | Jackson-27   |
| Blacks in Technology    | Jackson-20   |
| Dell                    | Franklin-12  |
| Discover                | Franklin-15  |
| GitLab                  | Jackson-24   |
| Google                  | Jackson-29   |
| Kosli                   | Franklin-09  |
| LaunchDarkly            | Franklin-03  |
| Mezmo                   | Jackson-25   |
| New Relic               | Franklin-13  |
| Nobl9                   | Jackson-30   |
| Observe                 | Jackson-18   |
| Postman                 | Franklin-06  |
| Puppet by Perforce      | Jackson-28   |
| Relativity              | Jackson-21   |
| Roost.ai                | Jackson-23   |
| Site 24x7               | Franklin-14  |
| Sleuth.io               | Franklin-01  |
| Spot by NetApp          | Jackson-22   |
| Sumo Logic              | Franklin-05  |
| Tailscale               | Jackson-19   |
| Temporal                | Franklin-08  |
| Transition Technologies | Franklin-11  |
| Trend Micro             | Franklin-04  |
| Virtana/CloudEQ         | Jackson-26   |
| Zesty                   | Franklin-07  |
<br><br>
## <a name='TablesandAV'></a>Tables and AV

Sponsors will be located in the foyer of the main ballroom (see the floor plan above). Coffee and snacks will be served in the sponsor area.

### <a name='Table'></a>Table

- Total "booth" space will be an 8' x 6' area.
- Platinum and Gold sponsors will be provided a 72" x 30" table with a black tablecloth, two chairs, and a power strip access.
- Sponsors will be allowed into the venue at 7:00 am on Wednesday August 9th
- Doors open at 8:00am for attendees; talks start at 9:00am.
- Teardown must be complete by 5:45 pm on Thursday, August 10th

### <a name='AVRentals'></a>AV Rentals

(rentals are via the venue, items are priced per day taxes/admin fee apply)

- 20" Class LED Monitor ($200)
- 30" Class LED Monitor ($225)
- 40" Class LED Monitor ($450)
- 50" Class LED Monitor ($500)
- 60" Class LED Monitor ($675)
- 70" Class LED Monitor  ($800)
- 80" Class LED Monitor ($1,100)
- Laptop  ($275)

Please submit a completed [order form](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/104m_1usQxV-tpOwWxTH2-zJsGDilmy3j/edit?usp=drive_link&ouid=100112177359675111447&rtpof=true&sd=true) to Aaron Paul at apaul@convene.com and Vincent Martinez at <vmartinez@convene.com> by July 24. Once submitted, you will receive an email regarding payment.

If you have any questions, contact Aaron Paul at apaul@convene.com.

#### <a name='EquipmentRentalForm'></a>Equipment Rental Form

<https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/104m_1usQxV-tpOwWxTH2-zJsGDilmy3j/edit?usp=drive_link&ouid=100112177359675111447&rtpof=true&sd=true>

All monitor rental requests must be made by **Monday July 24th**  to ensure availability.

## <a name='SponsorPitch'></a>Sponsor Pitch

Each Platinum Sponsor will have five minutes, and each Gold Sponsor will have one minute to address the main hall and the listening audience during scheduled blocks between talks. Please ensure that the content of your pitch adheres to the [Code of Conduct](http://devopsdays.org/events/2018-chicago/conduct/).

This is a simple verbal pitch. No slides (except for Platinum sponsors), banners, or other materials. We will display your company logo on the main screen during your pitch. Most folks mention their job openings/company overview rather than a product pitch. 

Platinum sponsors may provide a slide deck which will be presented during their pitch (we'll give you the clicker for it!) Please send your slides (in PowerPoint, Keynote, or PDF form) to chicago@devopsdays.org no later than **Friday, August 4**.

### <a name='SponsorPitchSchedule'></a>Sponsor Pitch Schedule

| Day       | Time (10 min slot) | Sponsors                |
|-----------|--------------------|-------------------------|
| Wednesday | 9:45:00 AM         | New Relic               |
|           |                    | CircleCI                |
|           |                    | Dell                    |
|           |                    |                         |
| Wednesday | 11:10 AM           | Transition Technologies |
|           |                    | AppDynamics             |
|           |                    | Kosli                   |
|           |                    | Temporal                |
|           |                    | Zesty                   |
|           |                    |                         |
| Wednesday | 11:50 AM           | Postman                 |
|           |                    | Sumo Logic              |
|           |                    | Trend Micro             |
|           |                    | LaunchDarkly            |
|           |                    | Acorn Labs              |
|           |                    |                         |
| Wednesday | 1:30 PM            | Site 24x7               |
|           |                    | Sleuth.io               |
|           |                    | Britive                 |
|           |                    |                         |
| Thursday  | 9:45 AM            | Discover                |
|           |                    | Observe                 |
|           |                    | Tailscale               |
|           |                    |                         |
| Thursday  | 11:10 AM           | Nobl9                   |
|           |                    | Google                  |
|           |                    | Puppet                  |
|           |                    | Cloudbees               |
|           |                    | Virtana                 |
|           |                    |                         |
| Thursday  | 11:50 AM           | Mezmo - o11yn           |
|           |                    | GitLab                  |
|           |                    | Roost.ai                |
|           |                    | Spot by NetApp          |
|           |                    | Relativity              |
|           |                    |                         |
| Thursday  | 1:30 PM            | Sponsor giveaways       |
<br><br>
## <a name='EveningEvents'></a>Evening Events

There is no official conference evening event; however, if you are planning to host a party or happy hour, etc after either day of the conference, please let us know the details! We will include this information in communications to attendees. Please send the details to chicago-sponsors@devopsdays.org

## <a name='OtherFAQs'></a>Other FAQs

**How many people will be attending the conference?**

We are expecting 550-600 people at the conference.

**What are the demographics of the attendees?**

DevOpsDays conferences typically attract software, operations, infosec, QA, and build engineers, as well as architects and technology managers. From voluntary attendee data, 22% had VP or Director-level titles, 17% had senior level titles, and over 85% had technical roles.

These folks are attending to learn and to share learnings about the DevOps movement. They most appreciate sponsors who engage with them with that in mind.

**Will sponsors get an email list of attendees? Do we get a dedicated email blast?**

No, we will not be sending out a formalized list.

Platinum and Gold sponsors will have their logos in all conference emails to participants. We cannot send out emails on behalf of sponsors and will not share contact information or lists of attendee names.

**When can we pick our booth spot?**

Booths are assigned accordingly to sponsor level, then prioritized by when payment was received. We try not to place competitors next to each other and try to accommodate any requests.

**What is the booth set up? Can we bring 1m roll-up as our back wall?**

Booths are long tables ( 72" x 30") with a black tablecloth and power strip and 2 chairs. We recommend bringing/shipping: signage, handouts, pop-up banners, giveaways, etc. Banners must fit behind your booth.

![](/events/2023-chicago/booth.png)<br>
*A Gold sponsor table from 2019*

**How many scanners (and which type) do we get?**

This is not your typical conference. The booth is a place to interact with people during breaks.

Sponsors​ ​benefit​​ ​most​ ​when​ ​they actively​ ​participate​.

You are responsible for collecting any information in person. Raffles with a business card draw work well. Just let us know and we will give time on Day 2 to announce raffle winners between talks and lunch. We have seen that sponsors benefit the most when they bring engineers to the conference, attend talks, and actively participate in open space sessions with the other attendees.

**What is the 20% off code for additional sponsorship tickets?**

[SPONSOR-2023-H5P2](https://chicago-tickets.devopsdays.org/2023/redeem?voucher=SPONSOR-2023-H5P2) (click to register directly)

**Who should staff the booth? What are expo hours?**

If your goal is recruiting, consider sending engineering managers. If you are a vendor, send your sales engineers as well as your technical product marketing, and even some engineers. DevOpsDays are about quality, not quantity - it's about active participation!

**Can we do a giveaway on stage?**

Yes. If you want to do a giveaway, you will need to collect your own information (e.g. business cards, entry slips, etc.) for whatever drawing mechanism you want to use. After the ignites on the second day, we will give you a short time slot on stage for your giveaway activity. Just let us know.

**Can I sponsor a talk?**

Absolutely not. Devopsdays does not sell conference speaking slots; sponsors' employees are welcome to submit talk proposals.

**Can I get a discount for sponsoring multiple DevOpsDays?**

All DevOpsDays events are independently organized, so no multi-city sponsorships are available.

**Who organizes DevOpsDays Chicago?**

Your [DevOpsDays Chicago organizers](https://devopsdays.org/chicago/contact) are Chicago-based technology folks who volunteer their time for this event.

All money collected from sponsors goes towards the conference and its related expenses. We are not a non-profit, so sponsorships are not tax deductible. Contact us at chicago-sponsors@devopsdays.org  to get our W9.

For any other questions, email all of us at <chicago@devopsdays.org>
