content/events/2017-washington-dc/sponsor.md, before:

+++
date = "2016-09-26T12:57:27-04:00"
title = "sponsor"
type = "event"


+++
We greatly value sponsors for this open event.  Have questions about sponsoring?  
Please contact us at {{< email_organizers >}}.

<style>
  table.sponsorship            { border-collapse: collapse; }
  table.sponsorship td         { text-align: left; border: 1px solid #000; padding: 3px; }
  table.sponsorship tr.hed1 td { border-bottom: 0px; }
  table.sponsorship tr.hed2 td { border-top: 0px; }
  table.sponsorship td.yes     { background-color: #888; }
</style>
<table class="sponsorship">
<tbody>
<tr class="hed1">
<td><strong>Packages</strong></td>
<td><strong>Community</strong></td>
<td><strong>Media</strong></td>
<td><strong>Silver</strong></td>
<td><strong>Gold</strong></td>
<td><strong>Platinum</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="hed2">
<td></td>
<td><strong>$0 USD</strong></td>
<td><strong>$0 USD</strong></td>
<td><strong>$1,000 USD</strong></td>
<td><strong>$3,000 USD</strong></td>
<td><strong>$5,000 USD</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>1 included ticket</td>
<td class="yes"> </td>
<td class="yes"> </td>
<td class="yes"> </td>
<td class="yes"> </td>
<td class="yes"> </td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Logo on shared slide, rotating during breaks</td>
<td class="yes"> </td>
<td class="yes"> </td>
<td class="yes"> </td>
<td class="yes"> </td>
<td class="yes"> </td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Logo on DevOpsDays DC 2017 event website</td>
<td class="yes"> </td>
<td class="yes"> </td>
<td class="yes"> </td>
<td class="yes"> </td>
<td class="yes"> </td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Logo on all email communication</td>
<td class="no"> </td>
<td class="no"> </td>
<td class="no"> </td>
<td class="yes"> </td>
<td class="yes"> </td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>1 minute pitch to full audience</td>
<td class="no"> </td>
<td class="no"> </td>
<td class="no"> </td>
<td class="no"> </td>
<td class="yes"> </td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>1 additional tickets (2 in total)</td>
<td class="no"> </td>
<td class="no"> </td>
<td class="no"> </td>
<td class="yes"> </td>
<td class="no"> </td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>3 additional tickets (4 in total)</td>
<td class="no"> </td>
<td class="no"> </td>
<td class="no"> </td>
<td class="no"> </td>
<td class="yes"> </td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Shared table for swag</td>
<td class="no"> </td>
<td class="no"> </td>
<td class="no"> </td>
<td class="yes"> </td>
<td class="no"> </td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Dedicated table in preferred location for swag</td>
<td class="no"> </td>
<td class="no"> </td>
<td class="no"> </td>
<td class="no"> </td>
<td class="yes"> </td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

We greatly value sponsors for this open event. If you are interested in other
types of sponsorships, please contact us directly at {{< email_organizers >}}.

DevOps Days is not 'that kind of conference' and heavy marketing will probably
work against you when trying to make a good impression on the attendees. Contact
{{< email_organizers >}} for some ideas about how to make the most of
your sponsorship.

[Sponsor DevOpsDays Washington DC now](https://devopsdaysdc2017.busyconf.com/bookings/new?discount=SPONSOR).

### Platinum - $5,000

* All benefits of Gold sponsors
* 1 minute pitch to full audience, including streaming audience
* 2 additional tickets, 4 in total
* Dedicated table for swag
* **[Become a Platinum Sponsor now](https://devopsdaysdc2017.busyconf.com/bookings/new?discount=SPONSOR).**

### Gold - $3,000

* All benefits of Silver sponsors
* Logo on all email communication
* 1 additional ticket, 2 in total
* Shared table for swag
* **[Become a Gold Sponsor now](https://devopsdaysdc2017.busyconf.com/bookings/new?discount=SPONSOR).**

### Silver - $1,000

* 1 included ticket
* Logo on shared slide, rotating during breaks
* Logo on DevOpsDays DC 2017 event website
* **[Become a Silver Sponsor now](https://devopsdaysdc2017.busyconf.com/bookings/new?discount=SPONSOR).**

### Community - $0

The community sponsorship is ideal for local meetups, co-working spaces, and
other communities who support DevOps.  This sponsorship is free but we ask that
you share information about DevOpsDays DC with your members in order to become a
Community Sponsor.

* 1 ticket
* 10% discount code to share with your members
* Logo on shared slide, rotating during breaks
* Logo on DevOpsDays DC 2017 event website
* Please contact {{< email_organizers >}} for details about becoming a community
sponsor.

### Media - $0

The media sponsorship is ideal for podcasts, blogs, news outlets, and other
media who support DevOps.  This sponsorship is free but we ask that you share
information about DevOpsDays DC with your audience in order to become a
Community Sponsor.

* 1 ticket
* 10% discount code to share with your audience
* Logo on shared slide, rotating during breaks
* Logo on DevOpsDays DC 2017 event website
* Please contact {{< email_organizers >}} for details about becoming a media
sponsor.

We greatly value sponsors for this open event. If you are interested in other
types of sponsorships, please contact us directly at {{< email_organizers >}}.

---

DevOpsDays is a self-organizing conference for DevOps practitioners that depends
on your sponsorships to happen. However, because of the nature of the event, we
do not have vendor booths or book product pitches.

Platinum sponsors do get a table they can hang out at and put materials on for
interested people to come visit during breaks, and of course all attendees are
welcome to propose any subject they want during the open spaces, but this is not
'that kind of conference' and heavy marketing will probably work against you
when trying to make a good impression on the attendees. The best thing to do is
send engineers to interact with the experts at DevOpsDays on their own terms.
</p>

We greatly value sponsors for this open event.  If you are interested in
sponsoring, please drop us an email at {{< email_organizers >}}.

Commit message:

[DC 2017] Sponsor updates (#2650)
* [DC 2017] SignifAI is a platinum sponsor

* [DC 2017] OpenStack NOVA UG is a community sponsor

* [DC 2017] Add shipping address for sponsors

* [DC 2017] Instana is a gold sponsor

content/events/2017-washington-dc/sponsor.md, after:

+++
date = "2016-09-26T12:57:27-04:00"
title = "sponsor"
type = "event"


+++
We greatly value sponsors for this open event.  Have questions about sponsoring?  
Please contact us at {{< email_organizers >}}.

<style>
  table.sponsorship            { border-collapse: collapse; }
  table.sponsorship td         { text-align: left; border: 1px solid #000; padding: 3px; }
  table.sponsorship tr.hed1 td { border-bottom: 0px; }
  table.sponsorship tr.hed2 td { border-top: 0px; }
  table.sponsorship td.yes     { background-color: #888; }
</style>
<table class="sponsorship">
<tbody>
<tr class="hed1">
<td><strong>Packages</strong></td>
<td><strong>Community</strong></td>
<td><strong>Media</strong></td>
<td><strong>Silver</strong></td>
<td><strong>Gold</strong></td>
<td><strong>Platinum</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="hed2">
<td></td>
<td><strong>$0 USD</strong></td>
<td><strong>$0 USD</strong></td>
<td><strong>$1,000 USD</strong></td>
<td><strong>$3,000 USD</strong></td>
<td><strong>$5,000 USD</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>1 included ticket</td>
<td class="yes"> </td>
<td class="yes"> </td>
<td class="yes"> </td>
<td class="yes"> </td>
<td class="yes"> </td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Logo on shared slide, rotating during breaks</td>
<td class="yes"> </td>
<td class="yes"> </td>
<td class="yes"> </td>
<td class="yes"> </td>
<td class="yes"> </td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Logo on DevOpsDays DC 2017 event website</td>
<td class="yes"> </td>
<td class="yes"> </td>
<td class="yes"> </td>
<td class="yes"> </td>
<td class="yes"> </td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Logo on all email communication</td>
<td class="no"> </td>
<td class="no"> </td>
<td class="no"> </td>
<td class="yes"> </td>
<td class="yes"> </td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>1 minute pitch to full audience</td>
<td class="no"> </td>
<td class="no"> </td>
<td class="no"> </td>
<td class="no"> </td>
<td class="yes"> </td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>1 additional tickets (2 in total)</td>
<td class="no"> </td>
<td class="no"> </td>
<td class="no"> </td>
<td class="yes"> </td>
<td class="no"> </td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>3 additional tickets (4 in total)</td>
<td class="no"> </td>
<td class="no"> </td>
<td class="no"> </td>
<td class="no"> </td>
<td class="yes"> </td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Shared table for swag</td>
<td class="no"> </td>
<td class="no"> </td>
<td class="no"> </td>
<td class="yes"> </td>
<td class="no"> </td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Dedicated table in preferred location for swag</td>
<td class="no"> </td>
<td class="no"> </td>
<td class="no"> </td>
<td class="no"> </td>
<td class="yes"> </td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

__Existing sponsors wishing to ship materials to the event__ may ship to:

CapitalOne<br>
1680 Capital One Drive<br>
McLean VA  22102<br>
attention: Beverly Rogers

_These items should be received not before July 10._

We greatly value sponsors for this open event. If you are interested in other
types of sponsorships, please contact us directly at {{< email_organizers >}}.

DevOps Days is not 'that kind of conference' and heavy marketing will probably
work against you when trying to make a good impression on the attendees. Contact
{{< email_organizers >}} for some ideas about how to make the most of
your sponsorship.

[Sponsor DevOpsDays Washington DC now](https://devopsdaysdc2017.busyconf.com/bookings/new?discount=SPONSOR).

### Platinum - $5,000

* All benefits of Gold sponsors
* 1 minute pitch to full audience, including streaming audience
* 2 additional tickets, 4 in total
* Dedicated table for swag
* **[Become a Platinum Sponsor now](https://devopsdaysdc2017.busyconf.com/bookings/new?discount=SPONSOR).**

### Gold - $3,000

* All benefits of Silver sponsors
* Logo on all email communication
* 1 additional ticket, 2 in total
* Shared table for swag
* **[Become a Gold Sponsor now](https://devopsdaysdc2017.busyconf.com/bookings/new?discount=SPONSOR).**

### Silver - $1,000

* 1 included ticket
* Logo on shared slide, rotating during breaks
* Logo on DevOpsDays DC 2017 event website
* **[Become a Silver Sponsor now](https://devopsdaysdc2017.busyconf.com/bookings/new?discount=SPONSOR).**

### Community - $0

The community sponsorship is ideal for local meetups, co-working spaces, and
other communities who support DevOps.  This sponsorship is free but we ask that
you share information about DevOpsDays DC with your members in order to become a
Community Sponsor.

* 1 ticket
* 10% discount code to share with your members
* Logo on shared slide, rotating during breaks
* Logo on DevOpsDays DC 2017 event website
* Please contact {{< email_organizers >}} for details about becoming a community
sponsor.

### Media - $0

The media sponsorship is ideal for podcasts, blogs, news outlets, and other
media who support DevOps.  This sponsorship is free but we ask that you share
information about DevOpsDays DC with your audience in order to become a
Community Sponsor.

* 1 ticket
* 10% discount code to share with your audience
* Logo on shared slide, rotating during breaks
* Logo on DevOpsDays DC 2017 event website
* Please contact {{< email_organizers >}} for details about becoming a media
sponsor.

We greatly value sponsors for this open event. If you are interested in other
types of sponsorships, please contact us directly at {{< email_organizers >}}.

---

DevOpsDays is a self-organizing conference for DevOps practitioners that depends
on your sponsorships to happen. However, because of the nature of the event, we
do not have vendor booths or book product pitches.

Platinum sponsors do get a table they can hang out at and put materials on for
interested people to come visit during breaks, and of course all attendees are
welcome to propose any subject they want during the open spaces, but this is not
'that kind of conference' and heavy marketing will probably work against you
when trying to make a good impression on the attendees. The best thing to do is
send engineers to interact with the experts at DevOpsDays on their own terms.
</p>

We greatly value sponsors for this open event.  If you are interested in
sponsoring, please drop us an email at {{< email_organizers >}}.
