content/events/2017-oslo/sponsor.md, before:

+++
Title = "Sponsor"
Type = "event"
Description = "Sponsor devopsdays Oslo 2017"
+++

We greatly value sponsors for this open event. If you are interested in sponsoring, please drop us an email at {{< email_organizers >}}

</hr>

<h2>Why sponsor DevOpsDays?</h2>
By sponsoring DevOpsDays you'll get the opportunity to network and build relationships with highly motivated developers, sysadmins, IT executives and managers within the burgeoning Scandinavian DevOps community.

Our sponsorship packages are constructed to offer our sponsors lead generation, networking, branding, and talent recruitment.

<h2>Practical Information</h2>
<ul>
  <li>Date: {{< event_start >}} - {{< event_end >}}</li>
  <li>Location: <a href="http://www.gamlemuseet.no/english/">Gamle Museet</a></li>
  <li>Expected attendee count: 200</li>
</ul>

### Sponsor packages

Click <a href="https://assets.devopsdays.org/events/2017/oslo/DevOpsdays17_partnership_prospectus.pdf" target="_blank">here</a> for full prospectus.

<img src="/events/2017-oslo/sponsorship-packages.png" style="max-width: 100%; height: auto; width: auto\9;">

### Add-ons
If you have bought one of the sponsor packages we can also offer some add-ons.

<img src="/events/2017-oslo/sponsorship-exclusive-packages.png" style="max-width: 100%; height: auto; width: auto\9;">

<hr/>

Commit message:

[OSL-2017] Explain that gold and platinum packages are sold out

content/events/2017-oslo/sponsor.md, after:

+++
Title = "Sponsor"
Type = "event"
Description = "Sponsor devopsdays Oslo 2017"
+++

We greatly value sponsors for this open event. If you are interested in sponsoring, please drop us an email at {{< email_organizers >}}

</hr>

<h2>Why sponsor DevOpsDays?</h2>
By sponsoring DevOpsDays you'll get the opportunity to network and build relationships with highly motivated developers, sysadmins, IT executives and managers within the burgeoning Scandinavian DevOps community.

Our sponsorship packages are constructed to offer our sponsors lead generation, networking, branding, and talent recruitment.

<h2>Practical Information</h2>
<ul>
  <li>Date: {{< event_start >}} - {{< event_end >}}</li>
  <li>Location: <a href="http://www.gamlemuseet.no/english/">Gamle Museet</a></li>
  <li>Expected attendee count: 200</li>
</ul>

### Sponsor packages

Platinum and gold packages are sold out, but we still have community packages and add-ons.

Click <a href="https://assets.devopsdays.org/events/2017/oslo/DevOpsdays17_partnership_prospectus.pdf" target="_blank">here</a> for full prospectus.

<img src="/events/2017-oslo/sponsorship-packages.png" style="max-width: 100%; height: auto; width: auto\9;">

### Add-ons
If you have bought one of the sponsor packages we can also offer some add-ons.

<img src="/events/2017-oslo/sponsorship-exclusive-packages.png" style="max-width: 100%; height: auto; width: auto\9;">

<hr/>
