content/events/2024-geneva/sponsor.md, before:

+++
Title = "Sponsor"
Type = "event"
Description = "Sponsor DevOpsDays Geneva 2024"
+++
<style type="text/css">
 div.sponsor-row img.img-fluid{
    max-height: 70px;
  }
</style>
<style>
  thead th:not(:first-child) {
    padding: 0 2.5rem;
    color: white;
    background-color: #0069d9;
  }
  
  thead th:first-child {
    font-weight: bolder;
    font-size: 16px;
    color: #0069d9;
  }
  
  tbody tr:first-child td:not(:first-child){
      color: white;
      background-color: #0069d9;
  }

  tbody tr:not(:first-child) {
    border-top: 1px dashed #BDBDBD;
  }
  tbody tr:last-child {
      border-bottom: 1px dashed #BDBDBD;
    }
  tbody td {
    padding: 0.5rem 0;
  }
</style>

Sponsors are crucial for the success of the event, and we will show you our love better than ever :heart_eyes:

If you want to sponsor this year edition, please fill in [this form](https://forms.clickup.com/36866802/f/1352qj-5848/54BQACFB408CKCH7N1) and if the sponsoring level you chose is still available we will quickly confirm and send you the corresponding invoice.

We apply the simple rule of “first come firs served” with the order being the timestamp of the filled form.



| **SPONSORS PACKS**                                              |      **EVENT**      |      **GOLD**       |    **SPEAKERS**     |     **SILVER**      |  **BRONZE**   |    **MIC**    | **COMMUNITY** |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------|:-------------------:|:-------------------:|:-------------------:|:-------------------:|:-------------:|:-------------:|:-------------:|
|                                                                 |   **10'000 CHF**    |    **7'000 CHF**    |    **6'000 CHF**    |    **4'000 CHF**    | **2'000 CHF** | **2'000 CHF** |   **0 CHF**   | 
| **Number of sponsors**                                          |        **1**        |        **8**        |        **1**        |        **9**        |               |     **1**     |               |
| **Free tickets** including sponsor team                         |        **8**        |        **5**        |        **4**        |        **3**        |     **1**     |     **2**     |     **0**     |
| Logo on event **website**, **Posts on Social Network**          |          ✔          |          ✔          |          ✔          |          ✔          |       ✔       |       ✔       |       ✔       |
| Logo on **dedicated slides**                                    |          ✔          |          ✔          |                     |                     |               |               |               |
| Logo on **shared slides**                                       |                     |                     |          ✔          |          ✔          |       ✔       |       ✔       |               |
| Logo on **all communications** (Newsletter + Roll up + Program) |          ✔          |          ✔          |          ✔          |          ✔          |               |               |               |
| **5 Minutes pitch** - two days during the welcome speech        |          ✔          |                     |                     |                     |               |               |               |
| **2 minutes pitch** - one time                                  |                     |          ✔          |                     |                     |               |               |               |
| **5 Minutes pitch** - during Speaker dinner                     |                     |                     |          ✔          |                     |               |               |               |
| Access for 2 persons to the speaker dinner                      |                     |                     |          ✔          |                     |               |               |               |
| **Dedicated** booth                                             | **9 m<sup>2</sup>** | **6 m<sup>2</sup>** | **4 m<sup>2</sup>** | **4 m<sup>2</sup>** |               |               |               |
| **1 dedicated page** on the program                             |          ✔          |                     |                     |                     |               |               |               |
| **Interview** with the cameraman                                |      **5 min**      |      **2 min**      |      **2 min**      |                     |               |               |               |
| **Share table for swag**                                        |          ✔          |          ✔          |          ✔          |          ✔          |       ✔       |       ✔       |       ✔       |
| **Logo printed** on visitor bag                                 |          ✔          |          ✔          |          ✔          |                     |               |               |               |
| **Logo printed** on the MIC cube                                |                     |                     |                     |                     |               |       ✔       |               |

<br>
Please keep in mind, that you accept our Code of Conduct with sponsoring this event: {{< event_link page="conduct" text="Please read the Code of Conduct" >}}
<br><br>

## Why DevOpsDays?

DevOpsDays is a self-organizing conference for practitioners that depends on sponsorships. We do not have vendor booths, sell product presentations, or distribute attendee contact lists. Sponsors will get recognition on the website and social media before, during and after the event. Sponsors are encouraged to represent themselves by actively participating and engaging with the attendees as peers. Any attendee also has the opportunity to demo products/projects as part of an open space session.

Commit message:

[GE-2024] add registration page and sponsor (#13475)
* GE-2024 modifiy sponsors pack

* GE-2024 add registration link and a sponsor

* GE-2024 add sponsors

* GE-2024 add sponsors

content/events/2024-geneva/sponsor.md, after:

+++
Title = "Sponsor"
Type = "event"
Description = "Sponsor DevOpsDays Geneva 2024"
+++
<style type="text/css">
 div.sponsor-row img.img-fluid{
    max-height: 70px;
  }
</style>
<style>
  thead th:not(:first-child) {
    padding: 0 2.5rem;
    color: white;
    background-color: #0069d9;
  }
  
  thead th:first-child {
    font-weight: bolder;
    font-size: 16px;
    color: #0069d9;
  }
  
  tbody tr:first-child td:not(:first-child){
      color: white;
      background-color: #0069d9;
  }

  tbody tr:not(:first-child) {
    border-top: 1px dashed #BDBDBD;
  }
  tbody tr:last-child {
      border-bottom: 1px dashed #BDBDBD;
    }
  tbody td {
    padding: 0.5rem 0;
  }
</style>

Sponsors are crucial for the success of the event, and we will show you our love better than ever :heart_eyes:

You can find all sponsor information the sponsor pack ([downloadable PDF here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1-oGWRxQUSK96Nfk-P1iLK_rRjvHY_Mz9/view))

If you want to sponsor this year edition, please fill in [this form](https://forms.clickup.com/36866802/f/1352qj-5848/54BQACFB408CKCH7N1) and if the sponsoring level you chose is still available we will quickly confirm and send you the corresponding invoice.

We apply the simple rule of “first come firs served” with the order being the timestamp of the filled form.



| **SPONSORS PACKS**                                              |      **EVENT**      |      **GOLD**       |    **SPEAKERS**     |     **SILVER**      |  **BRONZE**   |    **MIC**    | **COMMUNITY** |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------|:-------------------:|:-------------------:|:-------------------:|:-------------------:|:-------------:|:-------------:|:-------------:|
|                                                                 |   **10'000 CHF**    |    **7'000 CHF**    |    **6'000 CHF**    |    **4'000 CHF**    | **2'000 CHF** | **2'000 CHF** |   **0 CHF**   | 
| **Number of sponsors**                                          |        **1**        |        **8**        |        **1**        |        **9**        |               |     **1**     |               |
| **Free tickets** including sponsor team                         |        **8**        |        **5**        |        **4**        |        **3**        |     **1**     |     **2**     |     **0**     |
| Logo on event **website**, **Posts on Social Network**          |          ✔          |          ✔          |          ✔          |          ✔          |       ✔       |       ✔       |       ✔       |
| Logo on **dedicated slides**                                    |          ✔          |          ✔          |                     |                     |               |               |               |
| Logo on **shared slides**                                       |                     |                     |          ✔          |          ✔          |       ✔       |       ✔       |               |
| Logo on **all communications** (Newsletter + Roll up + Program) |          ✔          |          ✔          |          ✔          |          ✔          |               |               |               |
| **5 Minutes pitch** - two days during the welcome speech        |          ✔          |                     |                     |                     |               |               |               |
| **2 minutes pitch** - one time                                  |                     |          ✔          |                     |                     |               |               |               |
| **5 Minutes pitch** - during Speaker dinner                     |                     |                     |          ✔          |                     |               |               |               |
| Access for 2 persons to the speaker dinner                      |                     |                     |          ✔          |                     |               |               |               |
| **Dedicated** booth                                             | **9 m<sup>2</sup>** | **6 m<sup>2</sup>** | **4 m<sup>2</sup>** | **4 m<sup>2</sup>** |               |               |               |
| **1 dedicated page** on the program                             |          ✔          |                     |                     |                     |               |               |               |
| **Interview** with the cameraman                                |      **5 min**      |      **2 min**      |      **2 min**      |                     |               |               |               |
| **Share table for swag**                                        |          ✔          |          ✔          |          ✔          |          ✔          |       ✔       |       ✔       |       ✔       |
| **Logo printed** on visitor bag                                 |          ✔          |          ✔          |          ✔          |                     |               |               |               |
| **Logo printed** on the MIC cube                                |                     |                     |                     |                     |               |       ✔       |               |

<br>
Please keep in mind, that you accept our Code of Conduct with sponsoring this event: {{< event_link page="conduct" text="Please read the Code of Conduct" >}}
<br><br>

## Why DevOpsDays?

DevOpsDays is a self-organizing conference for practitioners that depends on sponsorships. We do not have vendor booths, sell product presentations, or distribute attendee contact lists. Sponsors will get recognition on the website and social media before, during and after the event. Sponsors are encouraged to represent themselves by actively participating and engaging with the attendees as peers. Any attendee also has the opportunity to demo products/projects as part of an open space session.
