+++
City = "Detroit"
Year = "2016"
title = "Beginners Guide to Data Analytics"
type = "talk"

+++

**Speaker**: David Barnett, RightBrain Networks

Getting started in data analyses is daunting. The field is full of tools with
clever, but ultimately non-descriptive names (Hadoop, Spark, Hive, Pig, etc).
Operating a distributed Hadoop or Spark cluster takes significant time and
treasure.

Amazon Web Services (AWS) provides a complete toolchain for doing big-data
analysis. This talk, intended for beginner to intermediate experience levels,
will focus on the task of analyzing web logs to solve the real world business
case “Who is visiting my site, and what are they up to”? Attendees will learn
about the tools available for data ingress (Kinesis Firehose), data integration
(Lambda), data analysis (EMR hosted Spark, Hive, Pig, etc), and data
warehousing (Redshift).

These are complex tools, each with their own intricacies. However, by the end
of the session attendees should feel comfortable enough to dive in and begin
doing analyses on their own data.

#### Who am I? ####

David Barnett

Senior Software Engineer, RightBrain Networks
Twitter: @dhbarnett

David Barnett is a Senior Software Engineer at RightBrain Networks. An Ann
Arbor-based software development and cloud consulting firm, RightBrain Networks
uses today’s cutting-edge technologies to help companies reinvent themselves in
the cloud.

For nearly 20 years David has helped organizations deliver quality software
that exceeds business expectations. He has experience working on and/or leading
a variety of teams including software quality, product delivery, research, and
cloud development and operations with a focus on Linux/Unix systems. He has
worked for companies ranging in size from 20 employees to Fortune 10.

At RightBrain Networks David develops custom solutions for companies looking to
architect or re-architect their software in the cloud. He focuses on
data-driven applications, microservices, networking, security and scientific
computing.

Outside of work, David is active in his local community. In addition to serving
on neighborhood and community boards, David coaches science olympiad and
participates in community theater. He is also a member of AWS Michigan.

