+++
City = "Detroit"
Year = "2016"
title = "Containers Will Not Fix Your Broken Culture (and Other Hard Truths)"
type = "talk"

+++

**Speaker**: Bridget Kromhout, Pivotal

Containers will not fix your broken culture. Microservices won’t prevent your
two-pizza teams from needing to have conversations with one another over that
pizza. No amount of industrial-strength job scheduling makes your organization
immune to Conway’s Law. 

Does this mean that devops has failed? Not in the slig htest. It means that
while the unscrupulous might try to sell us devops, we can’t buy it. We have to
    live it; change is a choice we make every day, through our actions of
    listening empathetically and acting compassionately. Iterative improvement
    starts somewhere for us all; let’s talk about it. 

Tools are essential, but how we implement the tools and grow the culture and
practices in our organizations needs even more attention. Whether you’re just
starting to implement technical and organizational change, or facing the
prospect that you already have legacy microservices, it’s worth considering the
why and the how of our behaviors, not just the what. 

Making thoughtful decisions about tools and architecture can help. Containers
prove to be a useful boundary object, and deconstructing systems to human-scale
allows us to comprehend their complexity. We succeed when we share
responsibility and have agency, when we move past learned helplessness to
active listening. But there is no flowchart, no checklist, no shopping list of
ticky boxes that will make everything better. “Anyone who says differently is
selling something”, as The Princess Bride teaches us. Instead, let’s talk about
practical, actionable steps that will help. How do we evaluate our progress?
How do we know when to course-correct? How do we react when it seems like
there’s always something new we should have done last month? 

Part rant, part devops therapy, this talk will explain in the nerdiest of terms
why CAP theorem applies to human interactions too, how oral tradition is like
never writing state to disk, and what we can do to avoid sadness as a service. 
