+++
City = "Detroit"
Year = "2016"
title = "Enter the Trough of Disillusionment"
type = "talk"

+++

**Speaker**: Jim Drewes, Daugherty Business Solutions

Developers love to solve problems, but we hate doing things more than once.
DevOps has been exciting for developers because we can grassroots solve
problems that help us avoid the repetitive work of releasing software.  Gartner
describes this shiny-new-toy phase we’re in as the “Peak of Inflated
Expectations” according to their Hype Cycle curve.  Unfortunately, what comes
next is the “Trough of Disillusionment,” and developers will soon find
themselves encountering this low point.  Fortunately, this too shall pass and
DevOps will rise up to take its proper place in the fabric of generally
accepted software product development practices.

In this talk Jim will explain what is going to happen in the next couple of
years when the DevOps hype reaches the trough of disillusionment, and
developers are forced to deal with an unpleasant new normal.  Enterprise
adoption will suck all the joy out of DevOps for a little while, and we’ll
witness some claims that “DevOps is dead.” Jim will cover some of the industry
and editorial trends that are the leading indicators that we’re about to hit
the trough, as well as what sorts of impacts we’ll see once we get there.
Additionally, Jim will present strategies for minimizing the negatives of the
trough, and working through the politics and project failures to bring our
industry and organizations to a lasting adoption of DevOps practices.


#### Speaker Bio ####

Jim Drewes is a leader in the St. Louis Software Architecture and Engineering
practice for Daugherty Business Solutions, a leading IT consulting firm with
nationwide offices.  He leverages 15 years of experience in development and
operations to bring leading DevOps practices to Fortune 500 organizations.
When he’s not helping clients solve their big problems, Jim enjoys running,
tinkering with Arduinos and Amazon Echos, or just playing with his four little
boys.

