+++
City = "Detroit"
Year = "2016"
title = "What the Military Taught Me About DevOps"
type = "talk"

+++

**Speaker**: Chris Short

**Intro**

11 years in the US Air Force working in joint units/roles (meaning I worked
with the Army, Navy, Marines, NSA, NRO, NGIA, CIA, etc.)

Heavy IT focus but also worked with satellite communications, phone switches,
foreign country transmission infrastructure, etc.

Left USAF in 2010 and went into a Support Ops role. Bounced around to a few
different places and have been working DevOps specifically for about two years
now.

**DevOps Points**

Kanban - Work could not pile up around anyone. Tickets could be used to track
activity; used less to prioritize when to do work. Sure certain missions,
personnel required immediate attention but first in, first out applied more
often than not and every team member was an equal (a project manager's dream).

Documentation - A lot of the standards and instructions were high-level
guidelines; actual implementation guides needed to be developed based off
needs. Hardware/software requirements, configuration templates, etc. were all
built and needed to be shared through various teams/networks. Odd one-off
problems and solutions rarely were documented so I created a "What's The Fix?"
wiki to identify weird problems and their solutions that were likely to be
encountered again based off mission cycles

Configuration Management - Version control systems were not readily used during
my time in the military but boy it would have been really nice to have a
subversion/mercurial/git repo. Config standards were maintained through tight
access controls but were frequently modified based off discussed improvements.

Fail Fast Because Ultimate Failure Is Not an Option - Do the unimaginable in a
remote location under austere circumstances. Ideas had to be tested immediately
and often needed to be abandoned quickly based off mission needs and war time
circumstances.

Diversity Was Everywhere - Black, Brown, Yellow, White, Green (sea/air/motion
sick) did not matter to us. We were there to get the job done, period. Your
gender did not matter, your socioeconomic status did not matter, and your
ethnicity did not matter. If you didn't know something, you were taught. If you
were color blind it didn't matter I could teach you to terminate Cat5e/Cat6
with the best of them. If you were willing to learn, I was willing to teach.

Conflict Resolution - The best idea rose to the top of teams. Rank seldom
mattered so long as your idea was better. Input was constantly sought after
from all parties.

**Conclusion**

I cannot stress how invaluable my time was in the Air Force. It made me who I
am but it also taught me a lot of what DevOps is today. Don't overlook veterans
in your attempts to diversify.
