content/events/2019-geneva/program.md, before:

+++
Title = "Program"
Type = "event"
Description = "Contact information for devopsdays Geneva 2018"
+++

> **Les horaires seront disponibles très prochainement.**

> **Schedules will be available soon.**

# Talks

| Talk title                                                          | Speaker                                                                                                                      | Company                                               |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------- |
| A Journey towards self healing infrastructure                       | [Arun Kumar Singh](https://www.linkedin.com/in/arun-kumar-singh-17119b40/)                                                   | [Adobe](https://adobe.com)                            |
| The Challenge and Solutions to Implement DevSecOps into Large Banks | Jihai Zhou                                                                                                                   |                                                       |
| 140 versions par mois pour une mise à jour en - de 30 minutes       | [Manuel Vacelet](https://www.linkedin.com/in/manuel-vacelet-3715806/)                                                        | [Enalean](https://enalean.com)                        |
| Proactive Programming                                               | [PJ Hagerty](https://linkedin.com/in/pjhagerty)                                                                              | [DevRelate.io](http://DevRelate.io)                   |
| Fail fast, Fail often - make safety a prerequisite for your team    | [Nataliya Remez](https://www.linkedin.com/in/nataliya-remez-52bb093/)                                                        | [iZettle](https://www.izettle.com/)                          |
| Service Levels and Error Budgets                                    | Ramón Medrano Llamas                                                                                                         | [Google](https://google.com)                          |
| Immersion ! La sécurité applicative au cœur du DevOps               | [Raphaël Hiet](https://fr.linkedin.com/in/raphael-hiet-8a777b62)                                                             | [Thales Architecte logiciel](https://thalesgroup.com) |
| Elastic JVM: Automatic Vertical Scaling of the Java Heap            | [Ruslan Synytsky](https://www.linkedin.com/in/siruslan/)                                                                     | [Jelastic](https://jelastic.com/)                     |
| Holacracy & DevOps, retour d'expérience                             | [Tim Izzo](https://www.linkedin.com/in/tim-izzo/) & [Thomas Bertrand](https://www.linkedin.com/in/thomas-bertrand-51164585/) | [Octree](https://octree.ch)                           |
| Déployer Vault et Consul sur Kubernetes                             | [Vincent Sevel](https://www.linkedin.com/in/vincent-sevel)                                                                   |                                                       |
| Faster, Cheaper, Leaner: Horizontally Scaling a CI Pipeline         | [Yorgos Saslis-Lagoudakis](https://www.linkedin.com/in/gsaslis/)                                                             | [Redhat](https://redhat.com)                          |

# Workshops

| Workshop title                                                                     | Speaker                                                       | Company                                                                 |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Le Value Stream Mapping au service de votre transformation DevOps                  | [Valentin Cabourdin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/vcabourdin/) | [Serial](https://serial.ch)                                             |
| Les Vendredis noirs : même pas peur !                                              | [David Pilato](https://www.linkedin.com/in/dadoonet/)         | [Elastic](https://www.elastic.co/)                                      |
| The definitive guide to make software fail on ARM64                                | [Ignat Korchagin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ignatk/)        | [Cloudflare](https://cloudflare.com)                                    |
| The How & Why of Public Speaking                                                   | [Daniel Maher](https://twitter.com/phrawzty)                  | [Datadog](https://datadoghq.com)                                        |
| Implementing a CI/CD pipeline with SQL database projects and SQL Server containers | [David Barbarin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mikedavem/)      | [Dbi-Services](https://dbi-services.com)                                |
| A DevOps Adoption Roadmap: What’s Right for You                                    | Krikor Maroukian                                              | [Henley Business School /<br/> Microsoft Greece](https://microsoft.com) |

<style>
    table {
        margin: 1rem 0;
    }
    td,th {
        border: 1px solid #9E9E9E;
        padding: 1rem;
    }
</style>

Commit message:

Added Julien Pivotto on program

content/events/2019-geneva/program.md, after:

+++
Title = "Program"
Type = "event"
Description = "Contact information for devopsdays Geneva 2018"
+++

> **Les horaires seront disponibles très prochainement.**

> **Schedules will be available soon.**

# Talks

| Talk title                                                          | Speaker                                                                                                                      | Company                                               |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------- |
| A Journey towards self healing infrastructure                       | [Arun Kumar Singh](https://www.linkedin.com/in/arun-kumar-singh-17119b40/)                                                   | [Adobe](https://adobe.com)                            |
| The Challenge and Solutions to Implement DevSecOps into Large Banks | Jihai Zhou                                                                                                                   |                                                       |
| 140 versions par mois pour une mise à jour en - de 30 minutes       | [Manuel Vacelet](https://www.linkedin.com/in/manuel-vacelet-3715806/)                                                        | [Enalean](https://enalean.com)                        |
| Proactive Programming                                               | [PJ Hagerty](https://linkedin.com/in/pjhagerty)                                                                              | [DevRelate.io](http://DevRelate.io)                   |
| Fail fast, Fail often - make safety a prerequisite for your team    | [Nataliya Remez](https://www.linkedin.com/in/nataliya-remez-52bb093/)                                                        | [iZettle](https://www.izettle.com/)                          |
| Service Levels and Error Budgets                                    | Ramón Medrano Llamas                                                                                                         | [Google](https://google.com)                          |
| Immersion ! La sécurité applicative au cœur du DevOps               | [Raphaël Hiet](https://fr.linkedin.com/in/raphael-hiet-8a777b62)                                                             | [Thales Architecte logiciel](https://thalesgroup.com) |
| Elastic JVM: Automatic Vertical Scaling of the Java Heap            | [Ruslan Synytsky](https://www.linkedin.com/in/siruslan/)                                                                     | [Jelastic](https://jelastic.com/)                     |
| Holacracy & DevOps, retour d'expérience                             | [Tim Izzo](https://www.linkedin.com/in/tim-izzo/) & [Thomas Bertrand](https://www.linkedin.com/in/thomas-bertrand-51164585/) | [Octree](https://octree.ch)                           |
| Déployer Vault et Consul sur Kubernetes                             | [Vincent Sevel](https://www.linkedin.com/in/vincent-sevel)                                                                   |                                                       |
| Faster, Cheaper, Leaner: Horizontally Scaling a CI Pipeline         | [Yorgos Saslis-Lagoudakis](https://www.linkedin.com/in/gsaslis/)                                                             | [Redhat](https://redhat.com)                          |
| Monitoring as an entry point for collalboration         | [Julien Pivotto](https://roidelapluie.be)                                                             |                           |

# Workshops

| Workshop title                                                                     | Speaker                                                       | Company                                                                 |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Le Value Stream Mapping au service de votre transformation DevOps                  | [Valentin Cabourdin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/vcabourdin/) | [Serial](https://serial.ch)                                             |
| Les Vendredis noirs : même pas peur !                                              | [David Pilato](https://www.linkedin.com/in/dadoonet/)         | [Elastic](https://www.elastic.co/)                                      |
| The definitive guide to make software fail on ARM64                                | [Ignat Korchagin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ignatk/)        | [Cloudflare](https://cloudflare.com)                                    |
| The How & Why of Public Speaking                                                   | [Daniel Maher](https://twitter.com/phrawzty)                  | [Datadog](https://datadoghq.com)                                        |
| Implementing a CI/CD pipeline with SQL database projects and SQL Server containers | [David Barbarin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mikedavem/)      | [Dbi-Services](https://dbi-services.com)                                |
| A DevOps Adoption Roadmap: What’s Right for You                                    | Krikor Maroukian                                              | [Henley Business School /<br/> Microsoft Greece](https://microsoft.com) |

<style>
    table {
        margin: 1rem 0;
    }
    td,th {
        border: 1px solid #9E9E9E;
        padding: 1rem;
    }
</style>
