content/events/2023-chattanooga/location.md, before:

+++
Title = "Location"
Type = "event"
Description = "Location for devopsdays Chattanooga 2023"
+++

This year's event will be held at the Double Tree by Hilton in beautiful downtown Chattanooga.

407 Chestnut Street
Chattanooga, TN 37402

<!-- Uncomment this only if you have set the coordinates for your location in the config yaml. Get Latitude and Longitude of a Point: http://itouchmap.com/latlong.html -->
{{< event_map >}}

<!-- Edit and uncomment to let people know what accessibility features you have available -->
<!-- 
    Example from Minneapolis 2020

    We offer wheelchair-designated spaces, chairs, and standing options (with tall tables) in the mainstage session room; a quiet room; bathrooms labeled according to the facilities they contain; professional live captioning of mainstage sessions; ingredient labeling (based on data provided when registering); and private space (upon request) for those nursing. We'd also be happy to accommodate any other accessibility needs upon request: {{< email_organizers >}}    
-->

Commit message:

[CHA-2023] Add hotel block info (#13421)

content/events/2023-chattanooga/location.md, after:

+++
Title = "Location"
Type = "event"
Description = "Location for devopsdays Chattanooga 2023"
+++

This year's event will be held at the Double Tree by Hilton in beautiful downtown Chattanooga.

407 Chestnut Street
Chattanooga, TN 37402

If you'd like to stay at the hotel, we have a block of rooms reserved for the event. You can book your room [here](https://www.hilton.com/en/book/reservation/rooms/?ctyhocn=CHACHDT&arrivalDate=2023-11-14&departureDate=2023-11-16&groupCode=CDTCHA&room1NumAdults=1&cid=OM%2CWW%2CHILTONLINK%2CEN%2CDirectLink) and use code CDTCHA.

<!-- Uncomment this only if you have set the coordinates for your location in the config yaml. Get Latitude and Longitude of a Point: http://itouchmap.com/latlong.html -->
{{< event_map >}}

<!-- Edit and uncomment to let people know what accessibility features you have available -->
<!-- 
    Example from Minneapolis 2020

    We offer wheelchair-designated spaces, chairs, and standing options (with tall tables) in the mainstage session room; a quiet room; bathrooms labeled according to the facilities they contain; professional live captioning of mainstage sessions; ingredient labeling (based on data provided when registering); and private space (upon request) for those nursing. We'd also be happy to accommodate any other accessibility needs upon request: {{< email_organizers >}}    
-->
