content/events/2019-washington-dc/conduct.md, before:

+++
Title = "Code of Conduct"
Type = "event"
Description = "Code of conduct for DevOpsDays Washington, DC 2019"
+++

## Conference Code of Conduct

All attendees, speakers, sponsors, and volunteers at our conference are required
to agree with the following code of conduct. Organizers will enforce this code
throughout the event. We are expecting cooperation from all participants to help
ensure a safe environment for everybody. A strong community benefits everyone.
To that end, please consider, as a goal, that you should always try to benefit 
the community by encouraging participation, open-mindedness, learning, and 
safety in every interaction. Behavior outside of our community guidelines is 
unacceptable and should and will not be tolerated by anyone.

## The Quick Version

Our conference is dedicated to providing a harassment-free conference experience
for everyone, regardless of gender, age, sexual orientation, disability,
physical appearance, body size, race, or religion (or lack thereof). We do not
tolerate harassment of conference participants in any form. Sexual language and
imagery is not appropriate for any conference venue, including talks, workshops,
parties, Twitter and other online media. Conference participants violating these
rules may be sanctioned or expelled from the conference without a refund at the
sole discretion of the conference organizers.

## The Less Quick Version

Harassment includes offensive verbal comments related to gender, age, sexual
orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, religion, sexual
images in public spaces, deliberate intimidation, stalking, following, harassing
photography or recording, sustained disruption of talks or other events,
inappropriate physical contact, and unwelcome sexual attention.

Participants asked to stop any harassing behavior are expected to comply 
immediately.

Sponsors are also subject to the anti-harassment policy. In particular, sponsors
should not use sexualized images, activities, or other material. Booth staff
(including volunteers) should not use sexualized clothing/uniforms/costumes, or
otherwise create a sexualized environment.

If a participant engages in harassing behavior, the conference organizers may
take any action they deem appropriate, including warning the offender or
expelling the offender from the conference with no refund.

If you are being harassed, notice that someone else is being harassed, or have
any other concerns, please contact a member of conference staff immediately.
Conference staff can be identified as they will be wearing branded t-shirts.

Conference staff will be happy to help participants contact hotel/venue security
or local law enforcement, provide escorts, or otherwise assist those
experiencing harassment to feel safe for the duration of the conference. We
value your attendance.

We expect participants to follow these rules at conference and workshop venues
and conference-related social events.

### Need to reach the organizers?

We will have organizers on-call throughout the conference to respond to any
issues you may have. On-call organizer contact information will be posted closer
to the event date. For now, if you have questions or concerns, please mail us at
{{< email_organizers >}}.

Commit message:

Add Intent, include gender identity and expression
Returned an intent section, based on sentiment used by CNCF code of conduct and others, to the CoC.  Added _gender identity and expression_ to the called-out areas

content/events/2019-washington-dc/conduct.md, after:

+++
Title = "Code of Conduct"
Type = "event"
Description = "Code of conduct for DevOpsDays Washington, DC 2019"
+++

## Conference Code of Conduct

All attendees, speakers, sponsors, and volunteers at our conference are required
to agree with the following code of conduct. Organizers will enforce this code
throughout the event. We are expecting cooperation from all participants to help
ensure a safe environment for everybody. A strong community benefits everyone.
To that end, please consider, as a goal, that you should always try to benefit 
the community by encouraging participation, open-mindedness, learning, and 
safety in every interaction. Behavior outside of our community guidelines is 
unacceptable and should and will not be tolerated by anyone.

## Intent

DevOpsDaysDC is dedicated to providing a harassment-free experience for participants at all of our events. DevOpsDays events are working conferences intended for professional networking and collaboration within the devops community. They exist to encourage the open exchange of ideas and expression and require an environment that recognizes the inherent worth of every person and group. While attending DevOpsDaysDC, any participants, including members, speakers, attendees, volunteers, sponsors, exhibitors, booth staff and anyone else associated with the event, should not engage in harassment in any form.

## The Quick Version

Our conference is dedicated to providing a harassment-free conference experience
for everyone, regardless of gender, gender identity and expression, age, sexual
orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, or religion (or
lack thereof). We do not tolerate harassment of conference participants in any
form. Sexual language and imagery is not appropriate for any conference venue,
including talks, workshops, parties, Twitter and other online media. Conference
participants violating these rules may be sanctioned or expelled from the
conference without a refund at the sole discretion of the conference organizers.

## The Less Quick Version

Harassment includes offensive verbal comments related to gender, gender identity
and expression, age, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size,
race, religion, sexual images in public spaces, deliberate intimidation, stalking,
following, harassing photography or recording, sustained disruption of talks or other
events, inappropriate physical contact, and unwelcome sexual attention.

Participants asked to stop any harassing behavior are expected to comply 
immediately.

Sponsors are also subject to the anti-harassment policy. In particular, sponsors
should not use sexualized images, activities, or other material. Booth staff
(including volunteers) should not use sexualized clothing/uniforms/costumes, or
otherwise create a sexualized environment.

If a participant engages in harassing behavior, the conference organizers may
take any action they deem appropriate, including warning the offender or
expelling the offender from the conference with no refund.

If you are being harassed, notice that someone else is being harassed, or have
any other concerns, please contact a member of conference staff immediately.
Conference staff can be identified as they will be wearing branded t-shirts.

Conference staff will be happy to help participants contact hotel/venue security
or local law enforcement, provide escorts, or otherwise assist those
experiencing harassment to feel safe for the duration of the conference. We
value your attendance.

We expect participants to follow these rules at conference and workshop venues
and conference-related social events.

### Need to reach the organizers?

We will have organizers on-call throughout the conference to respond to any
issues you may have. On-call organizer contact information will be posted closer
to the event date. For now, if you have questions or concerns, please mail us at
{{< email_organizers >}}.
