+++
Talk_date = ""
Talk_start_time = ""
Talk_end_time = ""
Title = "Continuous Previews - A Navy SEAL's Approach to Supercharging the Magic in Team-based Software Development"
Type = "talk"
Speakers = ["josh-thurman"]
+++

Great software is the product of great teamwork.  For all the automation in a DevOps world problem-solving magic happens when your team is collaborating effectively towards a common goal.  So how do we get more problem-solving magic?If anything, the magic of teamwork is getting harder and more rare.  We're in a remote-first world - it's not as easy as it once was to walk over to a teammate and ask them to take a look at what we're working on.  We're not having the conversations we once had around the proverbial water-cooler, at-lunch, or passing in the hallway. How do we improve our processes and technology to:-Restore Collaboration-Get More Collaboration-Improve Collaboration-Achieve Seamless CollaborationThe Answer:  Continuous Previews for the Full-StackWe need to take the siloed development work that lives on our local machine - reproduce it in the cloud - and make it readily accessible, in a timely manner, for the team members who need to preview it.  It shouldn't just be limited to front-ends, we should be previewing against our full-stack.  Does this look right?  Does this function correctly?  Can I connect to the in-progress version of the API?And we need to do it in an automated way, in a seamless way, in a way that doesn't create additional burdens for the development team or involve costly context switching.  What is this going to do for us?-Catch issues early-Iterate Quickly-Avoid merging Dirty Code into "main"-Improve Team VelocitySo how can we do it? To conclude this talk I'll demonstrate how we can use the automation provided by Uffizzi Open Source to take a "docker-compose.yml" that we run locally, extend that configuration, and be able to create pull request-triggered previews of a microservices application on any Kubernetes cluster.  Who should attend this talk?Any Developer, DevOps and/or Ops engineers who build, deploy and manage applications. Product leaders, designers, and team members who contribute to a software product.  Leaders who oversee software products.
