+++
Talk_date = ""
Talk_start_time = ""
Talk_end_time = ""
Title = "Workshop - DevOps, Agile, Lean and ITIL - Public Cloud Migration case"
Type = "talk"
Speakers = ["lot-santos"]
+++

The power of DevOps can be further harnessed with the complementary frameworks Agile, Lean and ITIL. In this presentation, I provide an approach that demonstrates the power of these frameworks combined, using Public Cloud migration as the project. Many companies face the same challenges with increased complexity of their IT environments, increased operational risks, delayed speed to market, higher on-premise data center costs. One solution that offers to potentially address some of these challenges in migration to the Public Cloud. This is a daunting and complex initiative. The use of DevOps, Agile, Lean and ITIL can help support this transition. The first step in this journey is the cultural shift. DevOps culture is about a shared understanding between developers and operations and sharing responsibility for the product that they built. The organization must break down communication barriers and allow teams to have a forum where they can regularly plan and accomplish work together. Agile is an iterative approach that helps teams deliver value to customers faster. Agile provides a useful vehicle for teams to communicate with the customers, scope out the work in time boxes and deliver continuously. Both development and operations teams would create their stories together. Stories are created for the DevOps best practices such as CI/CD, automation, monitoring and observability.As team's breakdown their work into manageable stories, it also allows them to address inefficiencies in their processes. Lean-Agile is a set of principles and practices that aims to minimize waste while maximizing value. It allows the team to focus on the quality of delivery, reducing errors in the process. We do not want to apply DevOps to waste. As the organization formulates and executes on a plan to migrate their selected infrastructure and applications into the Public Cloud, IT Service and Asset Management remains crucial. The judicious use of ITIL allows operations to appropriately track and address issues as they arise. Together, these frameworks can help organizations mature into a progressive, robust, and stable IT organization.
