+++
Title = "Ron Vidal"
Website = "http://www.blackrock3.com/the-team.html"
Twitter = "br3guys"
image = "ron-vidal.jpg"
type = "speaker"
linktitle = "ron-vidal"
+++

Ron’s corporate career spans 35 years as a senior executive in critical infrastructure including fiber optic networks (metro/long haul/subsea), data centers, oil & gas, power systems and capital markets. Previously, Ron was a senior executive at Level 3 Communication (operated 16,000 mile international metro, long haul and transoceanic fiber optic Tier 1 backbone network), UUNet Technologies (largest Tier 1 Internet Service Provider (ISP) when acquired by MFS), MFS Communications (operated 38 metro fiber networks in U.S. and Europe, acquired by Worldcom) and Kiewit Construction (3rd largest U.S. construction contractor).

Ron led technical and operational due diligence teams on over $19 billion of telecommunications and Internet Mergers & Acquisitions (M&A) transactions, including the 5th largest transaction in history at its closing. Ron developed and communicated key financial messages during the sale of $14 billion of public equity, debt and convertible debt securities, across 10 international roadshows and 8 trading desks, and managed relationships with 21 sell-side research analysts and 25 of Level 3’s largest shareholders and bondholders. Ron presented at investment conferences sponsored by Goldman Sachs, Citigroup, Morgan Stanley, Merrill Lynch, Bank of America, Credit Suisse, UBS, Oppenheimer and others and at company sponsored investor & analyst days and has been quoted in Business Week, USA Today and numerous trade publications.   Ron led Level 3 Communications relief and recovery efforts in New York City after the 9/11 World Trade Center terrorist attack.  Ron also served on Mayor Dinkins New York City Task Force on Network Reliability and currently serves on the California Cybersecurity Task Force. Ron has advocated technology public policy to Members and staff of United States Congress, Commissioners and staff of the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) and Commissioners and staff of the California, Illinois, Massachusetts and New York Public Utility Commissions (PUC), notably testifying before the House Subcommittee on Telecommunications and the Internet on E-911 and Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) policy. Ron is a volunteer firefighter, and former Chair of the Emergency Preparedness Commission in Mill Valley, California and a technical peer reviewer for FEMA’s Assistance for Firefighter Grant (AFG) program. In total, Ron has served on twelve federal, state and local task forces, commissions and grant making panels and seven non-profit Boards.
