content/events/2023-dallas/program.md, before:

+++
Title = "Program"
Type = "program"
Description = "Program for devopsdays Dallas 2023" 
icons = "true"
+++
<!-- <img alt="Work In Progress" src="/events/2023-dallas/wip.gif" style="max-width: 15%;"> -->
<div class = "row">
  <div class = "col">
    <hr /> 
<h5>If Open Space is new to you, you may be interested in <a href="/pages/open-space-format">more details about Open Space</a>.<br>
<p><p>
Our <img alt="DoDDFW Slack" src="/events/2023-dallas/slack.png" style="max-width: 100%;"><strong>Slack</strong> team is:<strong> <a href="https://doddfw.slack.com/">doddfw.slack.com</a></strong>.  Click <strong><a href="https://join.slack.com/t/doddfw/shared_invite/zt-14po9i929-tJI37csQQxurwIBXnb7lkA">here</a></strong> to join.<br>
Click <strong><a href="https://www.youtube.com/c/DevOpsDaysDFW/playlists"> here</a></strong> to see the<a href="https://www.youtube.com/c/DevOpsDaysDFW/playlists"><img alt="DoDDFW YouTube Playlists" src="/events/2023-dallas/youtube.png" style="max-width: 50%;">YouTube</a> video playlists for DevOpsDays DFW.<br>
<!-- B4CON Photo Gallery - click <strong><a href="https://photos.app.goo.gl/2jXp7dpkvmnQjUad9">here</a></strong> to see pictures.<br>
Leadership Summit Photo Gallery - click <strong><a href="https://photos.app.goo.gl/V4yBoeq9aaHD1okG7">here</a></strong> to see pictures.<br> -->
DevOpsDays DFW Photo Gallery - click <strong><a href="https://photos.app.goo.gl/xvbLVsDPRkATGV6P7">here</a></strong> to see pictures.</h5><hr />
  </div>
</div>
<div>
<b>Color Keys:</b>
<div class="col-lg-2 col-md-3 program-element program-talk">Talk</div>
<div class="col-lg-2 col-md-3 program-element program-ignite">Ignite</div>
<div class="col-lg-2 col-md-3 program-element program-open-space">Open Space</div>
<!-- <div class="col-lg-4 col-md-3 program-element program-workshop">Workshop<br>(Leadership Summit - <strong>Nominations Only</strong>)</div> -->
<br />
<!-- <h3><b>NOTE:</b> <strong><a href="/events/2018-dallas/b4con/">B4CON</a></strong> is on Aug 29th, 2018 from 3:00pm - 7:30pm and will be hosted at the:<br> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<a href="https://www.marriott.com/hotels/travel/dalpt-dallas-plano-marriott-at-legacy-town-center/">
<strong>Marriott Legacy Town Center</strong></a><br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<a href="https://www.google.com/maps/dir/''/Marriott+Legacy+Town+Center/@33.0744937,-96.8922496,12z/data=!4m8!4m7!1m0!1m5!1m1!1s0x864c3cb2e2080053:0x7bc6aecd38eb56ba!2m2!1d-96.8222094!2d33.0745133">7121 Bishop Rd, Plano, TX 75024</a> </h3> -->
</div>
<p>

Commit message:

[DFW-2023] Adding links for full (8-hour) days
Signed-off-by: Mike Rosado <mikerostx@gmail.com>

content/events/2023-dallas/program.md, after:

+++
Title = "Program"
Type = "program"
Description = "Program for devopsdays Dallas 2023" 
icons = "true"
+++
<!-- <img alt="Work In Progress" src="/events/2023-dallas/wip.gif" style="max-width: 15%;"> -->
<div class = "row">
  <div class = "col">
    <hr /> 
<h5>If Open Space is new to you, you may be interested in <a href="/pages/open-space-format">more details about Open Space</a>.<br>
<p><p>
Our <img alt="DoDDFW Slack" src="/events/2023-dallas/slack.png" style="max-width: 100%;"><strong>Slack</strong> team is:<strong> <a href="https://doddfw.slack.com/">doddfw.slack.com</a></strong>.  Click <strong><a href="https://join.slack.com/t/doddfw/shared_invite/zt-14po9i929-tJI37csQQxurwIBXnb7lkA">here</a></strong> to join.<br>
Click <strong><a href="https://www.youtube.com/c/DevOpsDaysDFW/playlists"> here</a></strong> to see the<a href="https://www.youtube.com/c/DevOpsDaysDFW/playlists"><img alt="DoDDFW YouTube Playlists" src="/events/2023-dallas/youtube.png" style="max-width: 50%;">YouTube</a> video playlists for DevOpsDays DFW.<br>
If you would like to see both full (8-hour) day videos uncut, just click on 👉🏽 <a href="https://vimeo.com/857172505">Day 1</a> & <a heref="https://vimeo.com/857177084">Day 2</a>.
<!-- B4CON Photo Gallery - click <strong><a href="https://photos.app.goo.gl/2jXp7dpkvmnQjUad9">here</a></strong> to see pictures.<br>
Leadership Summit Photo Gallery - click <strong><a href="https://photos.app.goo.gl/V4yBoeq9aaHD1okG7">here</a></strong> to see pictures.<br> -->
DevOpsDays DFW Photo Gallery - click <strong><a href="https://photos.app.goo.gl/xvbLVsDPRkATGV6P7">here</a></strong> to see pictures.</h5><hr />
  </div>
</div>
<div>
<b>Color Keys:</b>
<div class="col-lg-2 col-md-3 program-element program-talk">Talk</div>
<div class="col-lg-2 col-md-3 program-element program-ignite">Ignite</div>
<div class="col-lg-2 col-md-3 program-element program-open-space">Open Space</div>
<!-- <div class="col-lg-4 col-md-3 program-element program-workshop">Workshop<br>(Leadership Summit - <strong>Nominations Only</strong>)</div> -->
<br />
<!-- <h3><b>NOTE:</b> <strong><a href="/events/2018-dallas/b4con/">B4CON</a></strong> is on Aug 29th, 2018 from 3:00pm - 7:30pm and will be hosted at the:<br> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<a href="https://www.marriott.com/hotels/travel/dalpt-dallas-plano-marriott-at-legacy-town-center/">
<strong>Marriott Legacy Town Center</strong></a><br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<a href="https://www.google.com/maps/dir/''/Marriott+Legacy+Town+Center/@33.0744937,-96.8922496,12z/data=!4m8!4m7!1m0!1m5!1m1!1s0x864c3cb2e2080053:0x7bc6aecd38eb56ba!2m2!1d-96.8222094!2d33.0745133">7121 Bishop Rd, Plano, TX 75024</a> </h3> -->
</div>
<p>
